::begin:context
The transcript from "TheTrentonStory-QuinnTrentonInterview-00.txt" reveals a deeply intricate and concerning narrative involving Quinn and his son Trenton. Here's a summary:

1. Background: The interview takes place on May 22, 2016, focusing on Trenton's story and his interactions with Quinn.

2. Initial Behavior: Trenton describes his initial behavior towards Quinn as hostile, including giving silent treatments, lying, and making mean comments.

3. Realization and Change: Trenton acknowledges his wrongdoings after peers at school react negatively to his mother's actions. He starts opening up to Quinn, leading to a shift in their relationship.

4. Introduction of Mr. Dewitty: Trenton speaks about Mr. Dewitty, who purportedly showed him and his mother pictures from the future, claiming Quinn would cause the end of the world. To prevent this, they were to distance themselves from Quinn in exchange for money, a large house, and material rewards.

5. FBI Involvement: Quinn mentions going to the FBI, but Trenton reveals that his mother knew about this, implying Mr. Dewitty's powerful influence.

6. Frequent Visits and Influence: Mr. Dewitty frequently visited Trenton, talking about a place called 'Antarctic City' and how he controlled influential people through contracts and promises of success or fame.

7. Contracts and Control: Trenton reveals that his mother signed a contract with Mr. Dewitty, who controlled various aspects of their lives.

8. Freemason Involvement: Trenton describes visits to Freemason temples with his grandfather, witnessing animal sacrifices and seeing a wall of pictures detailing Quinn’s life.

9. Cessation of Mr. Dewitty's Visits: Trenton's disclosure of Mr. Dewitty’s identity led to his disappearance from their lives.

10. Final Reflections: The interview concludes with Trenton reaffirming that the story is genuine and not influenced by Quinn.

This interview sheds light on the complex and possibly manipulative dynamics within the family, involving external influences, and contributes to the broader understanding of #TheTrentonStory.
::end:context

::begin:summary
This is the transcript for the Trenton Interview 01 on Youtube found at https://youtu.be/yUCpT-QuaYk of a conversation between Quinn and Trenton during their visits in July of 2016 for investigating #TheTrentonStory.

Make observations on the conversation about the points Trenton is identifying that a 12 year old boy should not be aware of.  Because this interview fro 2016 was when Trenton was 12 years old.

Quinn is the alleged father of Trenton who prior to this interview was having difficulty with Trenton on their visits which only occurred every other weekend. Prior to this interview Quinn had made Trenton a video showing his Buddhist practice in September of 2015.  Then after producing that video between September of 2015 to July of 2016 Trenton would Tell Quinn this story.
::end:summary

::begin:transcript
Quinn: my feet is pretty awesome. This work. So I'm going to do a drawing and you're going to tell me the story of your life.

Quinn: I'm your dad. So you think I know the story of your life. But I don't really, do I?

Trenton: Now, is your not well, We're not together enough for us to know the story of each other's.

Quinn: We're not.

Quinn: And you've been telling me.

Quinn: A story for a really long time, and we've just kind of gotten to a.

Quinn: Point where I'm just like.

Quinn: Whatever, dude.

Quinn: So I'm just going to draw, and you're going to tell me the story and I'm going to draw pictures and you're we're going to whatever we.

Quinn: Make is what we make. Whatever comes out of this is whatever comes out of this.

Quinn: However it forms and begins, that's kind of up to you.

Quinn: You get to choose your own words. Whether your words are lies.

Quinn: Or the truth matters, Not just.

Quinn: Here to draw the picture. Got it. Got. This is not an act. You're telling me. This is like.

Quinn: More of an interview. This isn't you telling me. This is you answering my questions.

Quinn: So a little background is.

Quinn: Four years ago, I wasn't really in your life.

Quinn: And I came back into your life with the best of hopes for things. And after four years, I found out that things weren't exactly.

Quinn: What I was told. I was story started forming around our lives. Then that.

Trenton: Incident.

Quinn: Know that you.

Quinn: Start with the part of the story that you and that part of this story.

Quinn: Is the beginning. And that's why you want to do this.

Quinn: Because it's got to be hard for you, is there?

Quinn: So I know I don't want to turn the.

Trenton: News because.

Quinn: I know that it's not.

Trenton: My story is true.

Quinn: And that you have a.

Trenton: Secret family that you dive into and is very important to me to find help. You find that family.

Quinn: So when you find that family, correct, that that was important to you before. And then why is it so important to you now?

Trenton: Because I really got into my.

Quinn: And that that you're.

Trenton: On to your family, which is my secret family as well as before. I didn't understand that.

Quinn: What about it? And you understand.

Quinn: I understand how it is with.

Trenton: A family.

Quinn: I understand why.

Trenton: What I've been told is I also have a secret family out there.

Quinn: That.

Quinn: This secret family story is probably really confusing. And it's a story that, frankly, can be difficult for me to believe.

Quinn: So that's and to fill in some blanks and talk about this secret family.

Quinn: Let's talk about how you discovered this patience. This whole experiment and exercise is all about patience. It's not about taking a deep breath and just babbling.

Quinn: So because for a very long time we've talked about a lot.

Quinn: I've tried a lot to be really kind and caring. Didn't get me very far with, you.

Trenton: Know, I didn't.

Quinn: Know so. So there's a beginning to this story.

Quinn: That begins if you're going to understand the secret family, you kind of have to understand the beginning of the story. Right? Right. For it to happen, you have to understand where it began.

Quinn: I it really you know, I didn't ask where it began. Wasn't patience.

Quinn: I'm just asking.

Quinn: Questions. Do you remember when it began?

Trenton: yes, I did.

Quinn: Because there's something very.

Quinn: Strange about your story. Very, very strange.

Quinn: So for a.

Quinn: Long time, I was in your life. I'm just going to go through it.

Quinn: Real quick so that way it doesn't take a whole bunch of time so we can get to the part you want to talk about. Because if you tell the beginning part of the story, it's going to take forever, I reckon. And and we'll never get to the part you want to talk about.

Quinn: So and the beginning part of the story is that I came back.

Quinn: Into your life after not being around for a while for various reasons. And at first things were really good, but then all of a sudden something changed and.

Quinn: You started coming over to my house.

Quinn: Telling me you hated me, that you didn't want me around and confusing me and confusing yourself.

Quinn: And this went on for a really long time and I kept trying and trying and.

Quinn: Trying that every time you would say things like, I.

Quinn: Don't really.

Quinn: Need you, I don't want you here. And then a weekend came where I tried real hard and I made a video for you about my life and what I do when you're not around and you watch that video, your reaction was.

Quinn: Wow, I was really messed up in that video. I made up my life when you were in here. Really started opening up a channel of communication.

Trenton: Between us, that is.

Quinn: And then you started telling me a lot of really why you have been mean to me for so long for correct? Correct. And so that's when I learned about.

Quinn: Something called the family game, where.

Quinn: You and your family would get around the dinner table and come up with ways to destroy my life. This is true compared to you. And you would talk about being open. And I started slowly figuring out that you were only coming over doing what you were being told to do. You weren't coming over and doing it because you wanted to.

Quinn: You were just doing it because you were being taught someone who was telling. And then we went through that for a few months, and then November 21st or 22nd came I think it was 22nd because 23rd was the day. And I suddenly started telling you this story. And that's the story that we're really here to talk about right now, because it's been seven months.

Quinn: Right, Right. And it's become a solid part of our lives.

Quinn: As well in.

Trenton: My life. And we talk about.

Quinn: And before you started talking to me about this story, I didn't know you could speak. The only thing I knew you had to talk about was things that all of a sudden you became a boy who spent the summer last year being taken to Freemason temples.

Quinn: For rituals and being introduced to over more hanging out with the leader of the organization.

Quinn: And this activity and him telling you about how you need to keep me out of his way.

Quinn: Is like I get in.

Quinn: His way. But the big part.

Quinn: Of this story came that came on.

Quinn: November 22nd was that you and your.

Quinn: Entire family had been convinced by a man named Mr. Delaney that I was going to cause the end of the world. So you had to get rid of me. And if you got rid of me, Mr. Delaney was going to give me 20 million.

Quinn: Dollars and a big giant house and X boxes.

Quinn: And friends and fortunes, and they all.

Quinn: For getting rid of me by November 23rd, when he told you that the pictures that his camera could send for future was the end of the world that I was going to fight. And so right before he came back into your life 40 years ago, apparently Mr. Delaney was meeting at your mom's house and getting her to sign the contract to be a part of his organization and to work with him to get me out of your life and in return, set up everything for you.

Quinn: That's correct. Correct. And so that's that's like the front of the story, right? You know that my whole life has been manipulated by a man named Mr. DeLay, who controls the largest secret organization in the world. Right, right, right. Offer a secret to protect us. To protect one secret. And that's really what we've been talking.

Quinn: About for the last seven months or however long.

Quinn: Because I didn't find out about this. The first thing I had to make your mom believe that she had one. So she would tell you the reason why this was all happening. You remember that weekend? I remember it very, very clearly. What do you remember about that? Was

Trenton: It was just me again or I was telling stories and telling you about.

Quinn: And you knew that I something that would and I remember you asking me what I was the what was in the I was told that of the family that you live was your family was leaving your family and that.

Quinn: You saw them. If they weren't my family.

Quinn: Were they? They were not people that.

Trenton: Were taking orders from a way to keep you in their house until you were 18.

Quinn: And then what else.

Trenton: I have that they would never be nice to you or tell you the truth.

Quinn: Who told you this?

Trenton: Mr.. In the waiting in.

Quinn: Green shirt.

Trenton: I knows. Why is your.

Quinn: Mom and dad? You told me.

Quinn: I really suggest you start changing your story. This is my life you're playing. I suggest you think very carefully before each word and accusation. You make this exercise because in their private life, your story is truly crazy. I didn't even have my own mother's phone number anymore. Right. Stop it. Essentially, what your story is, is your story is that everybody in my life is so mean to me because they've all signed deals with this mistress.

Quinn: Who really like your mom.

Quinn: Because I was kidnaped from my family when I was a baby. And that's what we were to. Now, this story involves two very important, the key aspects that you have to be very clear about when you're speaking about one. And it involves a character who's potentially the leader of the world's largest secret organization, and it involves a person who potentially can be kidnaped, which is a crime that through your story, I've been to the FBI, I've called Child Services.

Quinn: I even gotten to see two different take high interests. I've seen doctors. So I'm asking them to take the time to speak and think they can speak. This is my life. We're going to get through this exercise. But you can't change your story if you don't know for sure. I'm going to stop and think about it and replay the memory in your head to make sure you.

Quinn: Get it right. Make sure you're okay.

Quinn: So you were at the part of the story where someone told you that I wasn't really a part of their family or, you know, my mom and dad told you so You met my mom and dad? Yes. Okay. I want to suggest that you stop and think about telling me about how. Then tell me how you know how Mom and dad.

Quinn: Because the only time.

Quinn: That I know that they have a baby to remember.

Quinn: So let's talk about.

Quinn: Let's talk about why I was away from.

Trenton: Grandma's house. And then all of a sudden she.

Quinn: Came in with your mom and dad and you're.

Trenton: Like, you own the place.

Quinn: Now, how do they act when you can Like you say, he acted like you own the place. What do you mean? What does that look like?

Trenton: You just came in. You didn't even know he was going into his own house.

Quinn: Gotcha. Okay. And so he comes in and there's people with them.

Trenton: Yes.

Quinn: Yeah, let's talk about that. Who was with them?

Trenton: And your mom and dad and sister?

Quinn: How did you know who they were?

Quinn: How they were introduced? Thank you very much. You're doing okay. And when.

Quinn: They came in, what happened.

Quinn: When they came in and left the.

Trenton: Stage in front of the front door.

Quinn: They were described in detail like they came in the front door or they came in the house. They sat down on the couch. And then what happened? What did you tell them?

Trenton: Women talked about how really we talked about you.

Quinn: Yeah. And before we go on, I. Have I ever shown you a picture of my.

Quinn: Mom that you can.

Quinn: Remember? Never. Never. Is there any pictures of my mom in my house? No. No. Are there any pictures of my dad in my house?

Trenton: No.

Quinn: So you wouldn't have a reference to what they look like, right? There's no pictures of my parents in my house is not in your house.

Quinn: So I'm going to show you a picture. Is this the woman that you met?

Trenton: Yes, it is.

Quinn: That's the woman you met?

Trenton: Yeah, I remember her clearly. She was wearing shoes with special spring heels.

Quinn: No, but that is the face of the woman you met. Yeah. Look at it.

Trenton: Yes. Okay.

Quinn: And when you met her, we're not going to use real names on camera. But when you met her, did she give me.

Quinn: The name that I had? That I had told you later?

Quinn: What's her name, or did she give you a.

Quinn: Totally different name.

Quinn: Than everybody else? Did she have the.

Quinn: Same last name as my dad.

Quinn: Or my sister?

Trenton: It was completely different, okay.

Quinn: And it was completely different than the name I knew her to.

Quinn: Have, wasn't it?

Trenton: Yes, it was.

Quinn: So when she came into the house, she was with a man, Right. And she was with my sister. Was this the man.

Quinn: That she was with?

Trenton: No, that's.

Quinn: Right. So you met my mom.

Quinn: You met my dad.

Quinn: And you met my sister, right? Correct. Is that the man.

Quinn: That you met?

Trenton: Yes, it is.

Quinn: That's the man, right. So you have met these.

Quinn: People without my presence, correct?

Trenton: Correct.

Quinn: So I'm going to ask you something.

Quinn: When you met my dad, did you notice anything funny about her?

Trenton: On purpose?

Quinn: Pay attention.

Quinn: They made it look like. Did they have a big gap in the front?

Trenton: Yes. Yeah.

Quinn: That's what made it look crooked. Anyway, so you've met my parents.

Quinn: And they told you that I wasn't a real member of their family.

Quinn: What else did they tell you?

Quinn: they told.

Trenton: Me how Well, your mom told me that.

Quinn: I really can't tell when.

Trenton: She had my issues with you when you were really young, that she gained the ability to paint.

Quinn: Just by being around.

Trenton: Me. Yes. When you were very little.

Quinn: What else did they that you can remember? And then we're going to move on because we have other things to talk on.

Trenton: I remember being told that you were found in a field of crops.

Quinn: Who told you that?

Trenton: Not you to When you told me that.

Quinn: Okay. When did he tell you that?

Trenton: you told me that right after your mom stopped speaking about how proud she was about being able to pay.

Quinn: And that was the last.

Quinn: That that really ever happened.

Quinn: For a long time, right? Very long time. So then we went through this whole.

Quinn: Story where you told me about you going to the Nathan Temple, and then you told me about meeting my parents.

Quinn: And you told me about, like, just all this other stuff and then it got to a point where I let you guys believe that you had one. And your mom started the truth.

Trenton: You didn't. She? Yeah, she did.

Quinn: And so let's try to talk about that, because this had this truth has to do with.

Quinn: Our family, because I really don't care about Mr.. I don't I don't really care if there's some secret dark forward or.

Quinn: Ruling over people in the world because it's not my problem that people are dumb enough to.

Quinn: Sign contracts.

Quinn: With an idiot. But it is my problem when the whole story is about me and you having a secret family. So you're mom after she knew that she had totally won in this imaginary game, she had created the truth. Started babbling to you, didn't she?

Trenton: Yes, she did.

Quinn: Now let's talk about what she started babbling to you or what you told me.

Quinn: She started back over to you.

Trenton: That you haven't seen her family, Well, so we're looking for you.

Quinn: Looking for me? And how did she know this?

Trenton: She was told that you.

Quinn: And what else did she tell you about this secret family?
Trenton: And I know that they were a lot like you. I know. They were. Very beautiful. And they have a lot of creative talents within. And when they have a job to do. They don't stop until they prove that it was pointless or until their job is done.

Quinn: She told you this?

Trenton: Yes.

Quinn: And how would she know this?

Trenton: She was told by Mr. Dinwiddie.

Quinn: Who? So she also told you something.

Quinn: Else that makes the whole being found in the props and the false. Right. Right.

Quinn: That Mr. Disraeli didn't tell you the truth. But do you think your mom did?

Trenton: I think so.

Quinn: What did you where did your mom tell you it really came from.

Trenton: From far away.

Quinn: When did she tell you what was found or did she tell you I was scared?

Quinn: She told you I was taken? Yeah. How was I taken?

Trenton: That was your hand away. We were on the place. You were out. And while everyone was busy trying to fend off his forces, someone from his side took you away. Fly away, and no one noticed until it was too late.

Quinn: And that's what your mom.

Quinn: Said about my life?

Trenton: Yes.

Quinn: A woman that I wasn't with for more than two months.

Trenton: Yes.

Quinn: So this story kind of drove me off the deep end because I told you several times that.

Quinn: My family never treated me like one of their own. In fact, I had overheard.

Quinn: This recording kick in. Got some sound going. You're 80 year old man.

Trenton: Yeah, I am. All right, so.

Quinn: Every once in a while, the camera stops recording, and that's our signal to take a break.

Quinn: So what were we talking about before? We took a little break?

Quinn: How soon is.

Trenton: What the story.

Trenton: Was doing to your life? How big is it? The story is the is.

Quinn: Not demolished in this song. I wouldn't say demolished. I would definitely say it's changed it drastically.

Quinn: So every day I wonder if there's a family really out there looking for me. I wonder if that's why my family won't talk to me anymore is because they're just trying to cover up the fact that I'm not really their family. So they make up these little reasons not to talk to me. That's the kind of stuff I want, and that's what it turned to my life before I found these people I grew up with in my family.

Quinn: But you're the only person I spend any time with. And I told you that no matter what, your story will stick by you. So sticking by this story hasn't exactly been easy on my life.

Trenton: I can hear the water boarding.

Trenton: Boy, I know.

Quinn: Maybe some time there. That's right. That's kind of one of the reasons that we talked about why it's important for me to get smarter so you can understand what it's what it's doing. You know, we'll just finally have to sit down and see each other for who we are and do this now, because we're going to be in a life because you started telling me this story seven months ago.

Trenton: And yeah, it's.

Quinn: Drastically changed my life before. Not a lot of good ways. I've lost all my friends, I've lost my family. But it's also changed. Your life, too has business to are you talk a about how this telling me all this stuff what is it done to your life?

Trenton: And it made my life a lot more action. A lot of things. Yeah.

Quinn: One, why don't you start by telling me what is it like for.

Trenton: You in school is very, very hard. What movies like the.

Trenton: Days that focused on just a story? I can't focus on that.

Trenton: And how to create a story for you. For me? Yeah.

Quinn: So you spend a lot of time thinking about this.

Trenton: And that really hurts you. My school.

Quinn: Was making.

Trenton: Friends. It was a lot of things to do. Yeah. Is a story and I know one went from one of my friends in school.

Trenton: She said, I'm having a hard time and all I can really change is something from my personal life because I know that if I am told that your friends know the story, I just like I was crazy. Yes.

Quinn: And why would your friends think you're crazy?

Trenton: This is true.

Trenton: Story is so out of the norm.

Trenton: And yet it contracted So clearly everything that is.

Quinn: Considered normal, It does. It definitely does feel. Yes.

Trenton: Yes, it does.

Quinn: And so, you know, when you saw from what you told me, when you saw that your mom felt like she had won this game, they were playing, she she was more than happy to tell you this story. Once she figured out that you were telling me this story. In return, what happened with your relationship with your mom?

Trenton: You know what? I understand. So for now, she wouldn't talk to me if I tried to talk to her. She would shut me up in room three on me for asking a simple question or asking for help.

Quinn: But with what?

Trenton: Help? With homework.

Quinn: She would even yell at me just for asking for help with your mom?

Trenton: Yes.

Trenton: Okay. This sucks for me and now that I all the.

Trenton: Time that I have to do my homework, I left school weeks. It made it very, very difficult. Very difficult.

Quinn: Yeah. Yeah. It's making it real difficult because you were failing in school. You're having a hard time making friends.

Trenton: And keeping up and.

Quinn: Keeping them. You don't know what to talk about because this story is being undermined because it was your entire secret life for years now that it's not secret and you kind of having a hard time figuring out what to do.

Trenton: Yes, I am. Yeah.

Trenton: I had a real hard time.

Quinn: So what else is happening in your life? Because you also live with your grandpa, too. Grandpa was the one that took you three weeks. Animojis. Yeah. Yeah.

Trenton: I will let you shut up as well. And I started was like listening to Bible radio and reading the Bible at the same time.

Quinn: So after all this stuff started coming out, that was what he did with his life is he stopped talking to you and started putting headphones on and listening to Bible radio and.

Trenton: Reading the Bible all the time. All right.

Quinn: Because when this story was happening, he wasn't reading the Bible as much. Why me?

Trenton: No use. And he definitely wasn't listening. And I went to the Bible at the same time. Yeah, I only ever read the Bible occasionally.

Quinn: What do you do with most of his time in the story? What's happening?

Trenton: You're like, watch all TV shows like from the fifties and sixties. I know westerns and I want to be like Walker, Texas Ranger.

Quinn: But he doesn't do that anymore, does it? Now? And all he does is read the Bible and listen to Bible radio. So you must feel like you probably get something really wrong.

Trenton: And the reason I didn't put it so hard.

Quinn: And so he doesn't talk to you anymore. Your mom doesn't really talk to you. Everybody just kind of walks around the house like zombies. And it's been like this for, what, the last year? Ever since you told me about this, right? Right. So does it kind of seem like someone told them not to talk anymore? Or does it seem like, you know, I don't know because I don't live in your house.

Quinn: But that seems that seems like a pretty major change, too. I mean, because before I mean, really, you guys didn't really talk positively. I mean, all the talking that you did that you told me was, you know, kind of around the table like this.

Trenton: Not so much of like what?

Trenton: Not just not.

Trenton: Talking and how hard his job is up and that's all that's all that really has. However, a long history of talking.

Trenton: To you about it or and.

Quinn: It doesn't look like.

Trenton: It's going to change any time soon. No, not in.

Quinn: So what's been the hardest part of your life since you told me that started telling.

Trenton: Me this story that most definitely the.

Trenton: School is you know, I can live with family, not talking to me well and not being able to talk to friends in school and not being able to talk to family makes, you know, really, really bad.

Quinn: Yeah. And you and I can't really talk much because your mom will only let us talk on Wednesday and Sundays for an hour. Exactly. Every other week and every other weekend so we don't get a daily chance to kind of work this stuff out. And, you know, your your family's not going to talk about it because then I can kind of be your grandpa about it.

Quinn: That was the last time I ever saw. He used to drop you off almost every time you came over. But the time I asked him about his association with the group of people you told me about, I never saw him again, have I? Never. In your mom. When she drops you off, she will get within 100 feet of me.

Quinn: Will she?

Trenton: she will.

Quinn: So there's not exactly any opportunity to really talk about, like, so I can understand, like, how things are really for you. Because I can see it, you know, it's like your grandpa had to go to the movies with your grandma so he didn't have to drop you off.

Quinn: You do realize that's the whole reason you went with your grandma on the other day.

Trenton: And I don't think she would want to see me.

Quinn: She hasn't seen you in six months, ever since you started trying to talk to her about this stuff. She hasn't even called you. And then all of a sudden, your mom goes out of town and your grandpa doesn't want to drop you off here. So they stick your grandma with it, right? Right. Because you crap all over. He hasn't come over one time since I asked him about this, but they said about his association with that group of people when he said, I'm not, but my son is.

Quinn: And then he just drove off never to be seen again. And you know, part of this is kind of continue. I'm saying I mean, this so telling is what I'm saying. What you said. Correct. So what else do you want to talk about in this? Talk about in the story, talk about in maybe in the future as finding some mysterious family that maybe have kept from us right.

Quinn: You know, have you.

Trenton: Have any thought about what kind of future you want out of this? Like when this is all over, I will.

Trenton: Have your I'm not ready to talk to people when I try to. I'm not sure. Yeah. All the time.

Quinn: I don't shut you up to it, you know. I mean, sometimes I get frustrated when you do the same thing over and over.

Trenton: Yeah, well, you never say shut up. You're like, no. The last time I saw.

Quinn: Yeah. So stop my name. When they say, Come on, start talking.

Trenton: And what? Guess what my actions are and why I say stop.

Quinn: Yeah, well, that's pretty safe.

Trenton: And then it's.

Quinn: Let's called the safety word.

Trenton: And stop.

Quinn: It.

Trenton: It's for stop signs.

Quinn: Stop signs to say, stop now. Stop, stop, Just stop.

Trenton: Well, never once have you really shut me out. No.

Quinn: So this is a pretty strange story for anyone, even stranger for me, because apparently I'm at the center of some secret thing to keep me from finding out about my real life. And we're kind of in a place where we don't have many options. I don't. I don't have any friends. Like I said, we know we're not really in a place where even your mom or anyone is really talking to you in your life to get some help with what you're going through.

Quinn: And so that's why we're doing this. That's why we're trying to make something beautiful out of this horrible situation, maybe have a little hope that people will see this and go, wow, just by maybe sharing this, maybe this, these two people will find their family.

Trenton: And not trying to.

Quinn: Get any money, the father and son trying to get themselves out of a bad situation, using some art and some creativity and hopefully what is honest, hopefully. And so hopefully we can get through it. Yeah. So to get through it, we kind of got a dream out of the world or the reality that comes when we get out of this dark.

Quinn: Because even when we're out of this event, it is to wade through this stuff. When he's the leader of a secret worldwide organization and knock, knock it.

Trenton: All right? We're definitely not gonna stop.

Quinn: And we're not going to get your mom to ever tell the truth because she's never told the truth in her entire life. Your grandpa is not all of a sudden going to go, Wow, I've been a total dick, right? So that really the only hope for us is really doing something that hopefully the world or of us or reward us to help people who go, Wow, this is a really crappy situation.

Quinn: These people find themselves and I can help them. I can help them. I don't need to know their names. I don't need to know their faces. I just know that I really can help because it is horrible to think that someone out there may have been kidnaped and unable to find their family and have been kidnaped for so long that the people that kidnaped them put them through a whole life and then just abandon them to the world so they wouldn't have to deal with what you for.

Quinn: Right?

Trenton: Right.

Quinn: And everybody deserves really to know the truth about their own life. Everybody deserves to my little family.

Quinn: Everybody deserves to know.

Trenton: Where they come from.

Quinn: Just like you deserve to know.

Trenton: Yes, I do the same thing.

Quinn: Yeah, but apparently that's been taken. And apparently your mom is a member of the secret group of people that took it because the leader of that group didn't like my real dad. That's kind of what it sounds like.

Trenton: And there's no plans for some.

Trenton: War somewhere else. Somewhere else, you know?

Quinn: And we've talked enough about your conversations with Mr. the and they're just weird. Like, that guy is the weirdest character in the story and ever heard. And especially the story told me about how this character compared to wonder where it was in the way that it was just the book. Well, I'm sorry.

Trenton: I wasn't able to believe what I did. I never experienced it.

Quinn: How could you? How could you believe a story where two people make a bet about who has the cleanest underwear and is just, you know, And you told me that just because I was asking you a question, I was like, Well, so does this guy like to make bets? Because I know, like, he should? And you're like, yeah, even that's my grandpa who has the cleanest underwear and you just can said it just like, like it just was like, Yeah, that happens in my house.

Quinn: Mr. Delaney and my grandpa make that underwear advance and your grandpa pulls out like these dirty stations, like skids, stain underwear. And Mr. DeWitt, he has the most fantastic underwear ever made in the world. And this is your story? Yeah.

Trenton: I would never believe it if I wasn't telling it or experiencing Why?

Quinn: It's ridiculous. I mean, it really is so. It's so ridiculous. It has to be real serious. It's that ridiculous. That it has to be so. It's so just seriously, think about your life. I'm a 12 year old boy. The story of my life is my mom's a secret member of a group of people who signed contracts to ruin my dad's life.

Quinn: How to keep a secret that he was kidnaped from their leaders. Arch nemesis to ensure victory in their big giant King War or something. Right? Meanwhile, to waste time, the leader who kidnaped me. The kid is wasting his time by making underwear bets with the grandpa of my son, who he secretly controls. That is look at it like that.

Quinn: But that is essentially your story, right? Right.

Trenton: It's way too over the top.

Quinn: And so that the part that's not is me not even being able to get my mom's phone number.

Trenton: Because that's real.

Quinn: That's reality. The part that is reality is my mom decided to get rid of me and get me out of her life because I got upset that she didn't call me on my birthday. She felt some stupid reason to get rid of me because I got upset that she didn't call me.

Trenton: On my birthday. All the things about.

Trenton: Nursing really wrong.

Quinn: Out of place.

Trenton: And.

Quinn: Severely out of place.

Trenton: Her mother would do that.

Quinn: My sister told me to bugger off because I got mad because she wouldn't help me. Because in the time of my life when you were coming over every other weekend and telling me you hated me, I was crushed. And I asked them for help and I got mad at them because they wouldn't give me any help. And so she threw me to the curb because I got mad because they wouldn't help me with it.

Quinn: So you see how they just find their own reasons to throw me away? So your story started connecting dots in my life growing out of childhood. And that's when it became difficult for me. Because if you can't turn those violent pictures, you can't take them just like that part of the story. When you told me that you saw all the pictures of my entire life and you explain and describe pictures of my life that you shouldn't have seen that I never told you about, And I think about that.

Trenton: Like, how do I move forward with this?

Quinn: Because how does a little boy who's never really gone outside, how does he invent and describe what the inside of these places look like and how does a little boy who's never gone outside or done anything describe pictures of his dad's life that he's never seen.

Trenton: And you've never told me.

Quinn: About and I never told you about it.

Quinn: And that's impossible for anyone to understand. And that's why it's very simple what other people should understand about what we're doing. It's just we need help. We don't have any because apparently everyone around me is a part of the secret conspiracy to keep my kidnaping a secret. And I have to find some way to get outside of this circle of silence, some way.

Quinn: And I've been inside this circle of silence my whole life.

Trenton: You know, growing up.

Quinn: Having my mom tell me I was the son of an alien and my dad telling me I was the son of a rock man breaking my leg and having my family make me crawl up and down stairs to take baths. You know, getting in a scooter accident, being forced to go to school the next Monday, all messed up.

Quinn: Okay, So messed up. So it's never really been kind in my life with people. It's always been a circle of silence where the people around me seem to know something that I don't know and it's really strange because everywhere I go there seems to be famous people just like a few nights ago when I decided to go out for a drive and go to a place where they were doing karaoke.

Quinn: There's a famous person, strange, either I just happened upon famous people all the time or someone's following me around going and and famous people. It seems kind of strange that they're so I don't know what's real and what I don't know. You're so surreal. I don't know. I know it's real. But I do know that I'm stuck in this circle of silence.

Trenton: You're stuck in a circle of silence.

Quinn: And from what I've gathered, from talking to you and trying to talk to other people, the center of the circle of silence is about keeping the secret of my kidnaping. And then in keeping the secret of my kidnaping, this character administered already can apparently steal all my creative ideas. And then how the money. Right, Right. So let's talk about that part of the story that misattributed and then we're going to start wrapping this up for tonight.

Quinn: We're cooking in the morning after we get a good night's sleep. How's that sound? That sounds.

Trenton: Good. Now we have to focus better.

Quinn: So this Mr. Delaney character, he kind of told you why he keeps me in his little circle of silence. And why does he do that?

Trenton: So he is still in your ideas when you're still in those situations, visuals and ideas of how to get out of situations.

Quinn: So he kind of likes to put me in a bad situation to see the ideas I come up with. Figure it out right now.

Trenton: He takes those and uses those to.

Trenton: Get what he wants. Like what I my power.

Trenton: Those kind of things.

Quinn: So when he tells you this personally that he intentionally puts me in bad situations, the person will come up with ideas that you can steal and make tons of money. Yes. And how long have you been doing?

Trenton: Longer than I. Who never.

Quinn: Did he tell you some of the ideas? Not the really big ones. Just didn't tell you any of the ideas besides and the anything. Did he tell you the idea that he stole from me? That really was like, Yeah, that's one of the ideas from your dad. What was one of those ideas? I had.

Trenton: Not really anything that you in the.

Trenton: Trial, but I remember him.

Trenton: Finally about taking your idea when you were really young, about being able to have a screen in your hands and payment of that and what happened from your idea.

Quinn: What was a lot of people's idea.

Trenton: But you said it really did it for me.

Quinn: You took one of my drawings and those devices. What I think you're trying to give them.

Trenton: Yes.

Quinn: He took some of my drawings of devices that I had made.

Trenton: And then used the.

Trenton: Can you close the blinds?

Quinn: Doesn't matter.

Quinn: There is a fly, an imaginary fly. You have a.

Trenton: Very small, scary. I was afraid.

Quinn: With everything scares you, that would help. Otherwise, it's not going to work for anything. So we find ourselves in the middle of this really confusing story. Yeah. Yeah.

Quinn: And we find ourselves in a place where there's nothing we can really do about it. There's no one to call. There's no family to ask for help. It's a pretty, pretty difficult situation. And so that's kind of why I think we should do this, because in my life, you know, I only really have to think outside of here.

Quinn: And that's drawing and writing code and over the last few months, I've kind of buried myself in writing code because this has been very difficult to deal with. And I've built the program that's it's going to be a part of this whole thing. And you kind of see a little bit to the program. We saw the calculator, I mean, in the weekend, right?

Quinn: And I have a pen.

Trenton: So even if I didn't understand it, I saw the code that kind of way into that that you use to.

Trenton: Write the code calculator work and.

Trenton: Other things work.

Quinn: And make everything work together. Yeah, I'm.

Trenton: Like, when you show me the animation we do.

Quinn: Exactly that and make it cool.

Trenton: That's all. And the code that you showed me is also something that was really not only kind of talked to, I didn't.

Quinn: The 200 lines of code, which in a code world.

Trenton: Not a lot at all.

Quinn: And I could have made it even less if I really tried. So that's really all I have in my life. And, you know, I never finished school and I learned to code and draw just because I wanted to, not because they do it for work or not. Because that's what I enjoy to do. And I have a lot of time alone.

Quinn: Like we were talking about earlier, your story makes a lot of things make sense, and you could imagine a person in your story is true. A person who's been kidnaped and being held hostage by a secret society without his knowledge. We spent a lot of time on. Yeah, and that's how I learned.

Trenton: Everything that I've learned is just by spending a lot of time to do it.

Quinn: So we're doing that right now. No matter how confusing it seems to whoever comes along to this later or not, does it really matter if this just sits there and no one ever sees it? Because they don't want to take the time? This is like just a matter of doing it. So it.

Trenton: Doesn't matter.

Quinn: Doesn't matter. And it's about us drawing a better world for ourselves, making a better place. If we can't make it in reality, at least we can make it in our imaginations. Right.

Trenton: Right.

Quinn: You know, we don't have a family. In reality.

Trenton: We can make one in high and dry.

Quinn: And it may not be real, but at least the idea is better than nothing.

Trenton: And right now is when it's a drawing, it can't really be forgotten.

Quinn: Yeah, we can't forget it.

Trenton: And it just should not be like just a sign.

Quinn: That it's not a fleeting thought and just.

Trenton: Be something that takes some time to form the idea and the thought, and then some more time to change and drive some change. And that time to really never be forgotten.

Quinn: It can. And using that time for something like that, because it's much better than sitting around wondering if the story is true or not true. Because if it is true and I learned this long time ago, if it is true, the people involved are so powerful that they're never going to let it come out, never.

Trenton: Whose name.

Quinn: Is not for truth and it's not for getting people on our side or turning it off or shutting down some big secret group of people is just for something very simple. It's for two people to find the family.

Trenton: And of caring about the secret.

Quinn: Right?

Trenton: Yeah, it is. And there are here anymore.

Quinn: Well, they are, but they're secret.

Trenton: Yeah. There's shit right now.

Trenton: I know. I'm not really interested in them physically.

Quinn: Yeah. So. And, you know, realizing that they're really there, you. You're not so afraid of the mystery of it, and it becomes a parent. And then it's just a group of people who signed these contracts because they believed it was the best option for them and their families.

Trenton: Even though it wasn't in the long run.

Quinn: Even if it wasn't in the long. Exactly. But they still sign that. And it's something that we kind of have to deal with. That's a big part of it, because it means anyone who knows the truth is never going to talk. And so our only option is to do whatever we can to find our family, the people that may be looking for us without involving the secret people.

Trenton: There's no possibility of finding those looking for us.

Quinn: Yeah. And we have to do it without breaking the secret people rules.

Trenton: Yeah, that's very true.

Quinn: Yeah.

Quinn: Yeah. We have to do it without breaking the secret people's rules. And that's the difficult part about this, is because it. It sounds so crazy and it sounds so unbelievable. And 99.9% of people in the world would just pass it off as crazy. But on that point 1%. Right. And that point 1% is the type of person that's going to say, what if it's true?

Quinn: How do we test this to see if it's true? And that small percentage type of.

Trenton: Person that you walk to challenge? Absolutely.

Quinn: Totally. Totally, Totally. I've heard far crazier stories that people seem to think we're more believable in the world, like I've heard stories of people hiring people to kill people. I mean, that's ridiculous.

Trenton: That's ridiculous. I mean, hired assassins are ridiculous.

Quinn: You know? So it's not unheard of to to hear stories like this. But the detail of your story is unheard of. Your descriptions of what places look like when things happen.

Trenton: Ridiculous amounts and so on and so on, that.

Quinn: And when you take into account how messed up I already was that you didn't know about because I wasn't trying to involve you.

Trenton: And know for so you trying really not to tell me about what happened when you were away.

Quinn: Yeah. So I, you know, I think the only option is to just do this and put the past.

Trenton: And think there's nothing you can do. You know?

Quinn: No, I don't think so. Do you think so? In this next part, I want you to tell me what an ideal world looks like to you.

---

This is the transcript for the Trenton Interview 02 on Youtube found at https://youtu.be/vlgmzQlnvL4 of a conversation between Quinn and Trenton during their visits in July of 2016 for investigating #TheTrentonStory.

Trenton: Some place where I know everyone knows how to talk and tells the truth. And then how to keep secrets.

Trenton: And even more to someone. Yeah, well.

Quinn: Unless it is secret is going to cause someone else. Ha.

Trenton: Yeah, Unless it was an assignment. Kinda like if it's a secret, like something.

Trenton: Very personal to portion of their internal life, for example.

Quinn: Don't go too deep into that. Keep on topic. Don't get too deep into the example of and they all seem to go different. Is this me creeping you on task? You're going to get lost in the story of your idea of what the secret keeper is, not what a good world looks like.

Trenton: Feel like. And I just.

Trenton: I am talking about hiding and things will never happen.

Quinn: Like, what kind of kind of things?

Trenton: I actually asking people how their day was and how they're doing. And then the person is reading out and doesn't have to sit and just say that it's personal.

Quinn: Do you get a.

Trenton: Lot and I have a lot of people in this room.

Quinn: While they're talking to each now. And when you ask, they're like, it's personal. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's just partly because you're not in that crowd with those people.

Trenton: You have to me and one of my friends when he.

Quinn: That's not what we're talking about. Stay on topic.

Quinn: We're not here to talk about you and your friends. We're here to talk about what a more beautiful world looks like. I don't want to get lost in topics. Okay. Okay.

Trenton: You know where families just are split apart? For some reasons.

Quinn: I kind of reasons.

Trenton: Why she was actually.

Trenton: Hurt. The other family members that are and end up hurting the family.

Quinn: Members more when they're not. Do you have something in particular? Nine. I do what I want to get lost in that topic. Well, that's part of that is a topic that's part of making your world a more beautiful place. And that is I mean, it's a big event that caused your world to shatter. So why don't you take a second and patiently think about what you're going to say?

Quinn: Talk about it.

Trenton: And an she that has split my family apart and really was probably the story.

Quinn: Yeah.

Trenton: Now when I start experiencing.

Quinn: What do you mean experiencing it?

Trenton: I really got split apart once.

Trenton: I got one.

Trenton: Family members signed contracts and that's when I was completely screwed to.

Quinn: When these contracts got signed. Yeah. So kind of what you're saying is you want to live in a world where people aren't forced to sign secret contracts.

Trenton: And people have no reason to.

Quinn: Think that's a pretty important part.

Trenton: Yeah, it's a really important part, right?

Quinn: You want to you want to work beautiful world where people can be honest with each other and not the same secret deals.

Trenton: To destroy someone else's life.

Trenton: Yeah.

Trenton: That's not asking for too much, you know?

Quinn: speaks sound effects.

Quinn: speaks sound effects

Quinn: People that sound above a certain vibe.

Trenton: As for sure.

Quinn: Yeah, that's for sure. For sure. They are allowed. They walk like they got hammers four feet with you and pretty far.

Quinn: From.

Quinn: Yeah. So that's the where where we had.

Quinn: You remember.

Quinn
I remember the part.

Trenton: Where you were asking me.

Quinn: What the world would want for now what.

Trenton
I see as a better.

Quinn: World. Yeah. Tell me about that.

Trenton: My world was I were. The people have no secrets that we could hurt anyone.

Quinn: And we've already talked about that, about that kind of stuff. But like, more about what is it look like?

Quinn: Like everyone knows.

Quinn: How to stop. Stop. You know, with the verdict on that, let me guide you through this. Don't don't push your way through this. Who's there? Like in this world of here's what people are. There was best possible world of yours. Who's there? What kind of people is your family? Your secret, mysterious family? There is your mom, there? Is your grandmother there?

Trenton: The most sacred families there. And you're there and I'm there. A lot of really good people are in there.

Quinn: Where's your mom?

Trenton: Yeah, he's kind of off to the side learning how to be nice and kind to other people.

Quinn: And he's got to teach you that. Okay.

Quinn
I he's right there with and never really hold the guy.

Quinn: That's not what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about designing a fantasy. I'm talking about who's there. I'm not talking about getting lost. Stop. Stop yourself, please. See, this is one of the reasons that it's very hard to believe your story because you're like, yeah, there's been there's this old guy who's really neat up there that's going to be teaching my mom how to be a good person.

Quinn: Where's that coming from?

Quinn: Really? Yeah. So I'm going to want to.

Quinn: Get you back on the point here. If your story is true and I was kidnaped and your mom signed a contract to keep it a secret and be a part of keeping that a secret and knowing that there was this happening, that's a crime. Okay. And if your story is true, everybody who has taken part in it has participated in the crime.

Quinn: So it's not really likely that there's going to be some old beat up old man there to teach your mom how to be a good person. If what you said is true. The crime has been committed and I don't want to get lost in the fantasy of some old man there and take care of my mom being the mean person She she know if what you're telling me has been true, but she committed a crime, your grandpa committed a crime.

Quinn: They kept it secret that someone had been kidnaped from their family and they partook in keeping that secret. And part of what I'm trying to teach you is to see that side of this story that you talked to, see that time that your mom and grandpa, if your story is true, are nothing more than people who took part in a crime.

Quinn: They're not criminals. And we need to see it or we need to see your story is not true. So if you're willing to take your story so far, it makes your mom and grandpa into criminals, then what reason does someone have to disbelieve you? You're willing to turn to your mom and grandpa and the criminals for this story.

Quinn: You stick by the truth. You don't tell the fantasy of where you're is all of a sudden going to be all right for the people who committed the crimes. And they're going to get special kind of people who know how to live life to teach them how to be better people. That's not reality, is it?

Trenton: No.

Quinn: No.

Trenton: Well, people don't want to be there.

Quinn: You know, But looking at the truth. Well, and your story is true and I was kidnaped. That's a crime. And all the people who took part in keeping that a secret and knowing about it and keeping it from me took part in that crime. So for me and that's why it's so important, because the only people I know that are criminals are you.

Quinn: Because even though this story's super hard to believe, at least you're trying to tell me the truth and that makes you the good guy.

Trenton
I'm still not innocent.

Quinn: But you're still not innocent. Yeah, exactly. So you have to be willing to stand by your story so much that that it even means that your mom and grandpa become criminals. And I am. Then stick by that. I don't give them a fantasy world where this turns out okay for them. Yeah. Yeah. Because your story didn't start with your family just hanging.

Quinn: Out around your table, trying to ruin your life, which technically isn't a crime.

Quinn: It didn't start with your family just taking you Freemason temples because they wanted to introduce you to the family division. That's not a crime right now. Because this whole story was centered around that. There was a wall of pictures of my life at the Mason temples because this mystery really came into your lives to tell you to get rid of me, because that was the center of it.

Quinn: Because at the center of all that was to keep it a secret, a kidnaping. It's a crime scene. And that's another reason we're doing this, is to solve a potential crime, to get people's help, to solve something that may have been a crime. That happened a long time ago, but it was brushed under the rug and kept a secret So no one ever found out about.

Quinn: Now, someone found out about it. It's a crime and a secret that's been going on for 38 years. 38 years. And you want to give the people involved happy old men, to teach them how to be good. I'm not saying make bad things happen to them, but man, don't bring them.

Quinn: Along into our new family in 19

Trenton: One.

Quinn: Yeah, they've done long. They're part of the people that are keeping us from. You do understand it.

Trenton: They were trying.

Quinn: To stop us. They're the people trying to stop us. So the right thing to do is ask us to focus on finding our family. And we let them deal with their own lives. It's not our problem. It's not our job to get them. Nice of you to teach them how to be good people. It's their job to go find how to be a good person.

Quinn: To help you be. Yeah.

Quinn: And they know where.

Quinn: They are and they're not. So. Yeah. Yeah.

Quinn: Technically, we really don't have to go looking, but because they're not willing to tell us where our family is.

Quinn: We have to go looking. Yeah, but they do.

Quinn: Your mom knows exactly.

Quinn: Where they are.

Quinn: If what you're saying is true. She's been told everything about and she's been told to exactly keep you away from it. She's told you what questions that you're not allowed to ask.

Quinn: She's been totally told about it. She called you.

Quinn: So let's get back to talking about the word beautiful world than you imagine who's really there.

Trenton: And you mean me, The family. Because we're all trying to find each other and each other.

Quinn: And that's it? Yeah. Okay. We're the people that make us pretty good.

Trenton: People that. That that.

Quinn: That that that that.

Trenton: Works for them. And then.

Quinn: So that's what I'm trying.

Quinn
I'm trying how we're going to find.

Quinn: Because we deserve family. I deserve we didn't deserve this to be involved in this. We didn't choose to be involved in it.

Quinn: And wouldn't have chosen to be involved in that.

Quinn: Even if given the choice. Let we know.

Trenton: Especially.

Quinn: Not after knowing what we know, we didn't send.

Quinn: Contracts to the.

Quinn: Members of the crew. We didn't go looking for making deals.

Quinn: Apparently a long time ago someone just decided that we were going to be involved. Because of that, we didn't deserve to have the normal type of family. You know. You know, in my case.

Quinn: Because of that, I didn't deserve to have a mother and father call me on birthdays or Christmas days because of your.

Quinn: Chance to be.

Quinn: With your father. Every day was taken away from me because.

Quinn: We never even spend an overnight together until you were nine years old. Eight, nine years or something like that.

Quinn: Yeah, I love that one.

Trenton: We would see each other. It was like Sunday's. Yeah.

Quinn: After an hour or so to the time. So up until you were eight or nine years old, these people did everything in their power to make it so I couldn't be with you. So yeah, you're your stories. Hard to believe, but when you look at what's really happened, is that hard to believe when you look at what's really happened, when you don't just pass it off and you don't just go, Wow, that's too crazy to believe, so I'm going to ignore it.

Quinn: But when you really look at what's happened over the last 12 years, it doesn't make your story very difficult to believe. It really doesn't.

Trenton: It makes the.

Quinn: Vision and everything is, quote unquote, normal or crazy.

Quinn: Yes. Maybe means you're ignoring what's happened. You know, and you've gotten a lot smarter over the last few months.

Quinn: Which has been very, very helpful, because before that, you didn't see it. Before it was.

Quinn: Just like, no, I believe what I'm being told, even if it's not happening, if you tell it to me, I believe in it. Right?

Trenton: Right. I wish you would be.

Quinn: Yeah. But now you're looking for things like, okay, I'll believe it, but then I want to see it. And so now you know, your relationship with your mom and your grandpa is kind of gone down the tubes. You know, your relationship with your father has kind of gone down the tubes because, like you, you still live with her and you see her every day.

Quinn: And now when you sort of like like once every six.

Quinn: Months around here. Yeah.

Quinn: So we're somehow going to find this family because the people like I said, tell us where they are.

Quinn: Yeah. They just want to reach out to us.

Quinn: And like I said, all.

Quinn
I can do is walk.

Quinn
I call it painting and prayer. And that's because.

Quinn: You know, I want to do that. You that's ideas for everybody involved. I got to look at it honestly. I got to look at your story as.

Quinn
A week's worth of my life to all these people have got to live their lives at the expense of my to me, you know, people agreeing to do that. So it is true. It says the people's basically signed a contract.

Quinn: This is my last. Now for and I'm going to do everything I can to.

Quinn: Keep your secret and you do everything I can to keep me doing whatever through your situation. And you know that it's not okay with me because I'm not doing that to anybody else. It's my family now. So why engage in okay for someone to do it to my life?

Trenton: You don't really spend much time around interacting with people, actually talking.

Quinn: To people at all. And I'm the only person you really talk to.

Trenton: Quite honestly. It is me.

Quinn: You're the only person when I go outside of and most times at work, if I didn't have.

Quinn: The people who wouldn't let you work.

Quinn: Because like you, all I really want to do is find my family. That's really all I want to do. I mean, I got.

Quinn: To work in a.

Quinn: You asked me what I do every day after work, and I'm.

Quinn: Trying to come up with ideas and have time to spend. And there's a reason why I'm doing what you're doing.

Trenton: Outside of work.

Quinn: It's yeah, because I created something for programmers and I figured maybe if I create something that programmers can use, maybe it'll help me find my family because programmers can go, Hey, just try to help me out by creating this thing that I used for ten years. Hey, then I can help him out to balance fair trade. You know, it's the same with the art.

Quinn: It's like, Hey, I can make some art that might bring a little joy to your life you might enjoy. And hey, I'm having a bit of a difficulty. I'm stuck in the middle of a story where my kid tells me that he knows his family was a part of a secret society that kidnaped me and I'd like to find my family.

Quinn: So, hey, I don't mind entertaining you a bit. How about you kick back How we found my family? Doesn't seem so bad. Not at all. Right, That's the problem.

Trenton: There really is no problem.

Quinn: So. And it gives me a safe bet that if people don't want to help me, they're either assholes or they're part of this secret group of people who harbor or go, because what kind of person wouldn't want to help someone who may have been kidnaped find this man, someone who was either involved or just a complete asshole.

Trenton: Some things this is little.

Quinn: Or someone who thinks this is all either way. Either way, yeah. I mean, it's, you know, I mean, most people out there don't have to spend one day of their life going, Hey, who was my real family where they are and are they looking for me? Who are they thinking about? Who are they? Right. A lot of.

Trenton: People know who they're.

Quinn: Family. Yeah. They just know so they don't have to think about.

Quinn: You know, I think, yeah.

Quinn: They have that pleasure. And just like you, just like you, you're just getting to know me, your dad and you're 12 years old. You're just getting to know what kind.

Quinn: Of person I am, right?

Quinn: Because for 11 years or however long you believe I was the guy that was going to end the world, so you weren't ever going to spend a single second getting to know me where you know I wasn't. So it's just been in the last year where you've really stopped and started paying attention and taking the time to get to know your dad a little bit.

Quinn: Right.

Trenton: Right.

Quinn: And what have you found.

Trenton: Out from that? You would never hurt anyone and you may wish you.

Quinn: Would, but you wouldn't.

Trenton: Do it yourself.

Quinn: Yeah. And do you.

Quinn: Really know why? Sometimes I wish the world.

Quinn: Would end now to.

Quinn: Miserable life not being able to be with your family.

Quinn: And just things you wish the world would just in living a life without family. Is that a very miserable existence?

Quinn: Living a life with someone to call when you're a little bit out makes life very difficult to get through The tough times, and you just really wish that it would just all end because it would make things easier, not life and your life. Kind of just like the bad stuff would end. Like you could finally find people that cared or find a family like this.

Trenton: Really?

Quinn: Yeah. Like the reality would end, and a better one could start. That's what I mean by it. Because so many people, even if their lives suck, they still have family. They still have who their parents are. You know, other people don't. Some people are put up for adoption, but at least they know they.

Quinn: Were put up for adoption and that the people that them are in after my family that put up for adoption.

Quinn: Wanted them.

Trenton: Wanted them. Yeah.

Quinn: You know, they weren't some family that you just got placed with because some powerful dude said you have to do this.

Trenton: This was one of them person.

Quinn: Yeah.

Trenton: How old or young.

Quinn: Exactly. Not because of some deal.

Quinn: That got made.

Quinn
I get it.

Quinn
I get it.

Quinn: And I think I see that same world that you see maybe doesn't look exactly the same, but I think I see it because we've kind of been through this together for the last little bit. No, you know, since we started talking.

Trenton: And since you show your finger.

Quinn: Now that I could talk. Yes. Since I figured out you could talk. Yeah, That was that was a big mystery is like keeping it a secret from me that you couldn't talk because it helped you keep your secrets easier.

Quinn: Pretending like you could. Or you just had a very hard. Yeah.

Quinn: That was a hard time for me to get through, because it was like, all of a sudden it was like I had a totally different sound coming over every other weekend. Kid who went from, like, only being able to say four or five things to all of a sudden here. Yeah, difficult time. So on that, I think we're going to take a break to have some time for more.

Quinn: But in the end, he is your Tea.
 Are you empty? Well, I'm not going to reach over there with such a nice.

Quinn: Little green container.

Quinn: Can never tell anyone my obsession with containers.

Trenton: No matter how much they would have to exist.

Quinn: It has to be a secret for every.

Quinn: Great number I had. I shall make you sign a contract for life. Never to talk about my obsession with containers that I won't sign. no. Even in programing, I have an obsession with containers and programing.

Trenton: I inside.com.

Quinn: Yeah, like making code containers. So we were taking a break and.

Quinn: Kind of talking outside.

Quinn: And what did you say you wanted to talk more about.

Trenton: How the story was affecting my life.

Quinn: And how. How is that?

Quinn: there's. Yeah.

Trenton: When I started telling you about this story my whole life, her life just took a turn for some better.

Quinn: Or worse, for the worse. Like one parts for the worse. I.

Trenton: I finally completely just stopped talking to me and.

Quinn: And that's kind of. That's kind of for the worst. Yeah, but they used to talk to me before.

Quinn: They used to talk to me a little. Yeah. Yeah. And they were so.

Trenton: They were trying so hard to distract themselves from reality so that I could talk to them.

Quinn: So it seemed like they're doing whatever they had to.

Quinn: Avoid talking to. That was very, very much so.

Quinn: And when did this start? Like, really.

Quinn: Start? Because, like.

Quinn: There was like years of the family game.

Quinn: Where you guys were all working together doing this.

Trenton: There's one I can tell you about, about every part of the story.

Quinn: About the family and family.

Trenton: And you were before that. I want to start just telling you the whole story.

Quinn: Yeah. It started getting more and more.

Quinn: Yeah. And then just like I was, you know, a.

Trenton: Bunch of lies.

Quinn: All around there. Just about like a bunch of lies. Yeah.

Trenton: Yeah, I would. I would feel like that was wasn't lies was when I was telling the story.

Quinn: And that's why we like talking about it.

Trenton: Yeah, because I know it's the truth, and it just made me feel better and, well, to talk about.

Quinn: It like that and it's hard for.

Quinn: Me to listen to, but I don't mind. At least you're talking, you know. At least you're talking to me. It's hard to listen to, really.

Quinn: Even harder to experience, you know, being on the side of maybe you can imagine the experience of this.

Quinn: Especially being your father and were going through this with your other family. You and I ever living together.

Quinn: You know, I'm not having more than.

Quinn: A few days at a time together. Makes it all that much more difficult.

Trenton: You don't know what that really was, you know?

Quinn: All I know is that everybody involved in the situation.

Quinn: Seems to be doing whatever it takes to keep me away from, you know. That's what I know.

Quinn: So you can kind of see where I'm at with this is what I know is just everybody involved in this situation is doing whatever it takes to.

Quinn: Keep me away from you.

Quinn: And ever since you started telling your story, everybody in my life has gone away.

Quinn: Everyone. That's what I know. I mean, I didn't have many people before, but the few people that were left.

Quinn: My mind just disappeared. I called the people I thought I could trust and kind of told them what was going on. I tried to contact my mom and I tried to talk to people.

Quinn: And everybody just by way, I been sent a message to my sister.

Quinn: That said.

Quinn: I think my son is involved with this mom's secret dark magic and cold group and I need some help for my son. Can you have Mom call me? Yeah, I said that in a message to my sister. They didn't think that was serious enough to.

Quinn: Look past the little bad things they said down.

Quinn: So there's a lot. There's so many in this. And so I understand.

Quinn: A lot about how you're feeling about people not talking to you since you started telling this story. Because people stop talking to me, too.

Trenton: When I was.

Quinn: Know they weren't talking much, but they.

Trenton: Were that I just stopped.

Quinn: Altogether. And in.

Quinn: My world, as the son of a liar is when someone you suppose we care about is involved in a really serious situation and you make excuses not to help.

Quinn: Them. And in San Francisco.

Quinn: So that's kind of where we find ourselves. So what else did you want to talk about?

Quinn: About that?

Quinn: One of the.

Trenton: Reasons I started talking about the story Hero, the person that I could talk to.

Quinn: That kind of became that, didn't I? Yeah.

Quinn: Was the person you were previously working against then became the only person you could talk to?

Trenton: Yeah. really? I mean.

Quinn: Yeah. Three times again. I told you in the beginning of story, you tell me and I stick with you. And the only family I know that I have for sure.

Quinn: At this point.

Quinn: So get that.

Quinn: And you don't ever forget that. You told me.

Quinn: You made a deal with Mr. Delaney to sell my.

Quinn: Life for an Xbox.

Quinn: And I've never, ever. Yeah.

Quinn: Don't forget that.

Trenton: I would never. And I have never.

Quinn: And then you got that.

Quinn: X-Box, and I still wouldn't buy you a video game for.

Quinn: And then you never played it, did you?

Trenton: I am sure. And I just. It still sounds y Lupita's i it also said to.

Quinn: Me, you know, in and name for one

Trenton: One thing that.

Quinn: I do for you, one I need you to enjoy your life.

Quinn: Go down and speak more clearly so it can be understood to congratulate you.

Quinn: Speak in a way that is clear understanding.

Trenton: And certainly the more you got me in the game for a little one thing that I.

Quinn: Really do for you, Sean, your life.

Quinn: Because you're part of the deal.

Quinn: Was you were going to get a text box. Yeah. One, you gave me a.

Trenton: Game with that box. It just shows up because I more of a reminder than the actual itself.

Quinn: Did that I'm for.

Trenton: The.

Quinn: That they were.

Trenton: Very immensely.

Quinn: And very well.

Trenton: Yeah.

Quinn: And then we went to you to play it.

Trenton: Just by seeing the game and the X1 fantasy was like

Quinn: Remind reminder I didn't even have to play it. You will touch it, be How many times we played ten times.

Quinn: Yeah. You made a deal to destroy my life for an X-Box and it.

Trenton: Turned out were not worth.

Quinn: It. And we only played it ten times with it. Turn that way now or it always does. I told you that. I told you that when you were going through it, I was like, Kid, it's not going to be worth it. And it's not. And what did that to your life and to.

Trenton: A lot of guys in my life and to

Quinn: Crap, no, don't use blanket words. What did thinking that would turn your life into what happened in your life? You got you got an X-Box. You didn't play it and turned it down. Let me help you here. You got an Xbox. You didn't play. You got a mom that didn't talk to you. You got a grandpa that ignores you.

Quinn: You got a grandma that doesn't come around anymore, right? That and from for me, from my point of view, through this whole time, I've watched all of this happen to your family. I've watched it through talking and.

Quinn: Through watching what happens when they drop you off and how it changes.

Quinn: From weekend to weekend. And.

Quinn: You know, for two years, I watched your mom come into a parking lot, turn around in the furthest possible spot to drop you off in the furthest spot in the parking lot. And then you walk across the parking lot and then she drives away when there were open spots right in front of my door. I watched that for two years, trending, and I'll put your name out.

Quinn: So don't worry. But I watched your mom do that for two years, and every weekend when I sat there watching it, there were always open spots right in front of my door that she could have pulled in to drop you off. But every weekend, both her and your grandfather decided that the best place to park was in the furnace far away and make you walk across the parking lot.

Quinn: And I have no idea how to do that on my own.

Quinn: It doesn't matter. But that was. That was what they did for two years when I lived in the last place. And then you started telling me the story and I was like, now it makes sense. They just don't want to have any chance of interacting with me. So they park in this place and they couldn't even park in a parking space right in front of my door and dropped.

Quinn: Take a few minutes to drop you off. Every weekend is the same thing every time.

Trenton: And that affected me as well.

Quinn: Yeah, I know. So that's what I'm talking about. Like, that's what this I mean, like, what is this story down to your. It's like I've seen it that this story has made it so in your life. Your mom can't even drop you off at your dad's door because.

Quinn: She's so afraid.

Quinn: Of confrontation. She's so afraid that if she gets within 15 feet of me after I confronted her about the Masons in front of your school, she's afraid to talk to me. She's afraid that I'm going to start saying things. And then you're going to. Because that was the last time your mom.

Quinn: Ever got within 15 feet of me was from your school. And I was confronting her about the story you told me about being taken.

Quinn: To the Freemason Towers. That was the last time your mom was moving 15 feet of me. So I've seen how it's changed.

Quinn: Your life right?

Quinn: I've seen. I see how the people in your family used to treat you. And I see how they treat you now. They used to be kind to you. They used to treat you like that when you were a little boy and you used to run around and tell everyone that you loved them all the time. And then all of a sudden something happened and you start running around telling people you love them all the time.

Quinn: That's what you used to do is you just run around everybody and tell them, How would you have done? Then something happened.

Trenton: The story.

Quinn: Happened. The story had.

Quinn: And that's what that's what I know about how this has affected your life. Because when I came back into your life and you were just turning eight, you just you would run around and tell everybody how much you you would run around your grandma. Your mom would be like, Mom, I love you more than anything. And your mom would say, I love you, too.

Quinn: And you do it to your grandma. And then all of a sudden something changed and your grandpa came back in your life and all of a sudden you weren't that kid running around telling everyone you loved him. It that's the change I'm. That's the change. I think that you're not wanting to admit.

Quinn: And.

Quinn: Now whether that change.

Quinn: Happened because I came back into your life or whether that change happened.

Quinn: Because of the decisions of the adults around you.

Quinn: It doesn't really matter. But that change happened, and that's the change.

Quinn: That this story cast in your life.

Trenton: And made it so that I would feel really uncomfortable just running around telling people.

Quinn: I love that it made you feel uncomfortable all the time period, and it made you turn you into.

Quinn: Like this quiet little boy who pretended like he couldn't speak because you had so many secrets.

Quinn: To keep. So you were taught, okay.

Quinn: It's just easier to act like I can't speak and it's easier just to fall.

Quinn: Back on me having this paperwork that says I have an emotional problem so that when people don't ask questions, I mean, that's kind of what we're dealing with. Giving in took this so far to get paperwork saying you had emotional problems and did not deal with you right then.

Trenton: Attention, problem.

Quinn: And attention problems. And they made you look like you had problems with lying and making up stories. Right. Right. So no matter what you do, even if you try to tell people the truth, they've made it. They've made it so that no one's going to ever believe you. They set it up perfectly.

Quinn: And then you made an execution.

Trenton: That was just to protect me. Yeah.

Quinn: Protect me from what, then?

Quinn: Believe that's what one would say. That they were just trying to protect me.

Quinn: You know, They were trying to protect.

Quinn: You from something. From me. You know, I'm with them.

Quinn: And what I know about secret society worlds, which I'm not a member of that you have told me several times. I don't. The secrets are good. Secrets are only good if you're planning a really super creative project and you can't tell me.

Trenton: Like a party, like a surprise party.

Quinn: And you can't tell anyone tales done else it won't get done. That's a.

Quinn: Good secret. I'm not in for secrets that hurt people. Yeah, And so, once again, with the state mind that I use a lot, if your story is true, this group of people has about right, then these are the then.

Quinn: Them that protect the secrets so they can't have you.

Quinn: Telling any secrets. So of course in your story they would have to make you look like you have mental problems, make you look like a problem. So that way, whenever you try to talk about things, they just go problem, Try. If you don't and you.

Quinn: This is mom's problem. Problem child parent equals yes. Problem. No, not our.

Quinn: Problem. Obviously not. Come to school.

Quinn: Bruised, not our problem. And that's how your school looks at it because of your paperwork.

Quinn: If I'm not bruised or don't have.

Trenton: Cause that don't look like.

Quinn: An accident. Yeah.

Trenton: I don't want to. Look, my son was trying to.

Quinn: Get me that because your paperwork makes it look like.

Quinn: You invent fantasy things and you're going to have outbursts because you're going to have outbursts.

Quinn: And you're going to say outlandish things that shouldn't be believed. And if it happens, just ignore it.

Trenton: You know, that's not a good thing to do.

Quinn: But that's what that paperwork does.

Quinn: That paperwork puts a label on you that you have this.

Quinn: Type of problem, and this is how you are to deal with this type of problem that he's having a hard time putting himself by himself and don't.

Quinn: Listen to me. That's kind of what got me to just.

Trenton: Try not to talk to people.

Quinn: Well, that's how your mom said it up.

Trenton: And you're like, well, if I try to talk to someone in my house.

Quinn: That's one thing. And then when I go to your school with your.

Quinn: Mom and she leads you out of it, she doesn't bring you to the conference. She has your grandpa driving you around, doesn't bring you into the conference. So we can all talk together so she can keep her little secrets, but she can't blame unusual.

Quinn: And let me.

Quinn: Have really crazy or.

Quinn: You doing that.

Quinn: In school without. Because ever since I came back into your life, I'm.

Quinn: All that matters. And she doesn't count.

Quinn: Like calls this big feel bad for me, Trig. So I don't have to really admit what I've been doing behind the scenes.

Quinn:

Trenton: Of course. You're more important to my dad.

Quinn: Yeah.

Quinn: No, you know, she doesn't.

Quinn: Seem to think that's okay. So it looks like to me.

Quinn: That if you have a situation where someone is blaming the person for things they didn't do, and while they're not admitting.

Quinn: What they are.

Quinn: Really doing well, no one's looking. Right? Right. You know.

Quinn: It's like it's like what type of life do you think you would be living if you got to spend more.

Quinn: Time around me? I can't be afraid to talk and.

Trenton: Be afraid that I was going to get shot.

Quinn: All the time.

Quinn: You the life where you could actually go outside and play.

Trenton: I know how.

Quinn: Because in your life, how many times.

Quinn: Have you asked to go outside and play in my life? And how many times have they ever said yes?

Quinn: Not so. You're also part of that story. You've lived a life with a family. They won't even let you go outside.

Quinn: So your family won't let you see your dad.

Quinn: Your family won't let you go outside and play. Did you is your family that you have friends? Not friends.

Trenton: Over? Yeah. And what's the.

Quinn: Approval of harm cherished your friends. What? That is a privilege. Well, I be the.

Trenton: One kid that's.

Quinn: Really like that. You're the one kid that has a parent that's part of the group, right?

Quinn: That's. Yeah. Yeah. Because they have to approve your friends.

Trenton: And I can't. We just have friends that I actually like.

Quinn: And in your life, how many friends have you.

Quinn: Ever had over to your life or to your house? One.

Quinn: And how many times do.

Quinn: You come over to college that I remember, Yeah.

Quinn: So in year.

Quinn: 12 years of like you had one friend who's only come over to your house two times, right? It sounds fishy. It sounds like someone doesn't want you to be around people telling them what your life is really like. Now, the next part of the.

Quinn: Question is when you go out, how often do you go outside alone.

Quinn: To do anything? Never. Never. Who's usually with you? Usually very long. So your grandpa is always with you to.

Quinn: Monitor what he's saying? Do I? I wouldn't even chaperon your school field trips. Yeah. Then does he journey to school.

Quinn: Every day so you can't take the.

Quinn: Bus like a normal.

Quinn: With all the other kids.

Trenton: And possibly see one of the kids that I'm friends with at school?

Quinn: Yeah. So you get driven to school every day, so you can't interact with other kids. You get picked up from school every day.

Trenton: So you interact with other kids.

Quinn: Yeah. Then when you go home, what do you do?

Trenton: Most of the times I just start doing homework.

Quinn: Then after you're done homework, what are you.

Quinn: Going to sit down for?

Quinn: Like they eat dinner or.

Quinn: I usually watching TV and in TV. And how do you get your dinner.

Trenton: And you just.

Quinn: Put in front of me? It's usually just put in front of you. Yeah. So while you're sitting there in TV.

Quinn: Land, not talking to anyone, watching TV, someone just comes over and puts your dinner in front and talks to you.

Quinn: Now let's sit down. And what do they do? Do they sit down and eat with you? What do they do?

Trenton: Well, they just go. And if they're eating, then they go somewhere else daily. So they never sit down.

Quinn: With me ever, ever. And that one time, not once in your whole life, not before in my life, that I can remember.

Quinn: That when other people are.

Quinn: Around, you guys have gone out to dinner, to a restaurant.

Quinn: To when other people are what we say, that you.

Quinn: Just find other people who are around. So what happens when people are?

Trenton: It's like, I have to be on my best behavior. I have to.

Quinn: Act like who? I'm not really. I feel like after at all happy and like.

Trenton: Nothing wrong and like, not my life is normal.

Quinn: And you and.

Trenton: It just hurts.

Quinn: Then who tells you to act like definitely Mom.

Trenton: That there's no doubt about it.

Quinn: And have you ever in your life sat down and.

Quinn: Have like a mom, I'm.

Quinn: Having a problem.

Quinn: And I can sit down and talk. I'm fine with me and I you only want to.

Quinn: See what happened.

Trenton: In that show. I just learned that my mom just had children or didn't have to live. She just left the room.

Quinn: What are you asking?

Trenton: Why she was acting the way she was? Why she was on me all the time.

Quinn: So you wanted to ask your mom.

Quinn: Why she was so mean all the time and.

Quinn: What did she do again?

Trenton: And she was like, I don't know what you're talking about. The first time I her and I started out asking her that calling, and then it just escalated. Were verbal shouting, yell at each other.

Quinn: How long did that last?

Trenton: An hour or two. Now.

Quinn: When was that the last time you tried to talk to your mom?

Trenton: And wasn't the last time I tried to succeed?

Quinn: probably the car on the way here. When you turned on.

Trenton: The same thing again and again. Yes.

Quinn: That was never. How did the conversation generally.

Trenton: Escalate when she just turned up the music so that I could she couldn't hear what I was saying.

Quinn: So she said, You have.

Trenton: To shut me up and have him.

Quinn: And this these.

Quinn: Behaviors that tell me that something was really, really wrong behind the scenes here.

Quinn: But so we're back in this break.

Quinn: So what are we going to talk about now, about now.

Trenton: This is important to you.

Quinn: To.

Quinn: Well, I think for that length to understand that someone really would have to like, try and understand a little bit about what I really feel like inside to understand what it felt like your whole life, to be not cared about and to go through most of your days in life. Just wondering where the people are that are supposed to care about you.

Quinn: You know, that's been most of my life. And then wondering why no one cared about me and where the people that are supposed to be and that's why our playtime stopped. And you said that part of the story. That's why I'm like, hey, when you do this world we're in, this whole imaginary world trying to figure out the truth.

Quinn: That's why all that stuff stopped, because it then got very real. Because before then it was just a father and son playing through some kind of safe games to learn how to communicate with each other and get to the truth of what happens in each other's lives together. It quickly turned into something very real, and it turned into something that you were talking about how I felt my whole life.

Quinn: But nobody would ever talk to me about my heart. I mean, it's hard and hard to explain how my whole life I've always felt like people were keeping a secret from my life. And I always felt like.

Quinn: The people around me were keeping a secret.

Quinn: So what's important to me.

Quinn: Living in this life that's important to me is having good friends and family around who care about you, who in a time of need out there to help you in any way they can.

Quinn: Is to have people in my life that if I'm having a good day, I have someone to share it with. If I'm having a bad day and I have someone to call for advice, but I really just want someone that calls me on my birthday.

Quinn: I really like every once in a.

Quinn: While to get a phone call.

Trenton: From someone.

Quinn: And my phone never rings, not unless it's a wrong number or it's some company trying to tell me on a free transfer somewhere. If I only give credit card information, sign up for the seminar. So it's never a phone call. You know, I meet people out in the world and then I go, Wow, I'm going to really get to know you, and then I'm going to tell you this story about my life.

Quinn: So every once in a while, I sometimes make a new friend, and it doesn't last very long and only last longer up until I got to start talking about my life. And before you know what? I'm just, like, on my own.

Quinn: So it was really just important to me is having a family. You know, I've been through countless days of being told I was hated and being told that I wasn't wanted, being told that some stupid thing that I said, it means that I get thrown away. That's what I know about life. And I through it, I'm trying to learn how to draw and it is good and positive because I can add things, but it doesn't change that every day.

Quinn: I wonder where my family is and you actually call me and.

Quinn: Almost every day I wonder if that if that is going to be the day when my mom and dad finally decide to stop being idiots and just pick up the phone and show that they care a little bit.

Quinn: Every day I kind of have a little hope for that that they're going to go because my sister has my phone number and they're going to call my sister and say, Hey, I wanted to talk just wanted to talk to your brother to find out if he's okay. Can I get his phone number and then just pick up the phone and call and say hi?

Quinn: I was thinking about you. Are you okay? That would be nice, right? That would be nice. Not all this crazy story that I never brought into anyone's life that was brought into my life. And now I get lumped into a box of crazy because so many people decide to bring crazy stories into my life. When you really sit down and talk to me like, Hey, what is this guy really?

Quinn: I just want a family.

Quinn: Man, you know.

Quinn: I need to cut it off short. I just want family. I want to live my whole life. And I try to build one with networks of friends, but that doesn't work.

Quinn: And I was in a freak, you know, for the same reason. Yeah.

Quinn: I always end up being rediciuled because people find out about where I came from. And I want to say it just happened on Friday at work. I was telling a guy a little bit about, he was like, Yeah. So I was like, When you were growing up, I was like, Well, I got sent to these training camps in the summer where they made me climb up telephone poles and jump off.

Quinn: He's like, No, I don't believe you. You're lying. That doesn't exist.

Trenton: And you're showing pictures of that.

Quinn: And I've shown you pictures.

Trenton: Real pictures that couldn't have been Photoshop. Isn't that all?

Quinn: Yeah. So in the world I live in now, no one's going to believe me. No one's going to believe my life. So I always end up as the freak, the beyond freak. Like the fruit. Beyond how you look. Just the freak. Like, don't talk to that guy, or else you're gonna end up hearing shit. You don't ever want to know what's real.

Quinn: Hey, so tell me, what's your life like? yeah. I was kidnaped by the guy who runs the biggest secret organization in the world, and he steals my ideas and he tries to keep it a secret that I have a real family out there that loves me and he's looking for. Yeah, I'm really going to be able to go tell that story.

Quinn: So the way I figure it, the only option for me is to find the secret family that really knows that is going on and goes, Yeah, you were taken and you can come back and be your real self with your real family. And you don't have to live this life where you're trying to figure out who took you.

Quinn: You don't have to live this life where you're trying to figure out if all the people around you are in on it. You don't have to live that life anymore. I don't have to live that life anymore. And that would be really nice. That would be real, real nice.

Trenton: Life where you don't have to go looking for your family.

Quinn: Yeah. And I life where I don't have to look over my shoulder every day wondering what's wrong.

Quinn: Are you guys.

Trenton: Gonna see who would match?

Quinn: Yeah. Or who around me is going to sign a contract for a promise? Because some dude seems to do that all the time, and the people that do it are always new and they don't know the other people that have done it and failed in the past. So it's always like a new guy comes on this contract, messed up this guy we're working against and we'll give you everything you want.

Quinn: That's really the kind of life I live underneath the hood now. When I meet people, I'm like, Okay, so are you someone who signed a contract or are you one of the regular people? And if you're one of the regular people, how long is it going to be interacting with me before you become one of the people that signed a contract?

Trenton: Now the more you interact with them, more or less in that way. Yeah. And it's really not a new version in person. It's the they sign for something they want in exchange. And what I match with you.

Quinn: Yeah, I was after the meet, but now you are.

Trenton: What, you like me?

Quinn: Those things. Yeah. And the other part of that is, is do you think most of those people would agree to take part in if they knew they were keeping a secret that I was kidnaped, if they knew they were taking part in that? Do you think they know that now? So that's a big secret he keeps for everybody.

Quinn: Except he couldn't keep that secret from your family, apparently, because your family doesn't do anything unless they're given every last bleeding detail.

Trenton: Or what they think is every.

Quinn: Day. And you being my son, I would imagine that they needed extra information to go, okay, this guy is going to be around for the rest of the kid's life. Tell us why we're doing this. But anyone else, it's a sure you're going to offer me to do that. I don't know this guy. Sure. That's what everybody else is going to be like.

Quinn: sure. I don't know that guy. I've got a family. I'll take that deal.

Trenton: Without knowing exactly why and not knowing why.

Quinn: Without knowing who they're doing it to. And they don't ask questions because they're not allowed. Because once you sign that contract, guess what?

Trenton: You cash questions that are prohibited.

Quinn: You can ask questions and do what you're told. You know, just like you're here. A copy of the contract said that you showed me covenant about violence. Covenant is everything. Everything I was is nothing. Those who would reveal the covenant secrets suffer a lot. Me? Yeah. Severe consequences is what it said. Those who reveal the covenant secrets will suffer severe consequences is what you wrote.

Quinn: So you even wrote out a contract, a copy of this contract that people signed right. And I took that to the FBI. So I know that there's no hope for me. I know there's no hope for my life without help, because I call employers, I call Child Protective Services. I've gone to the FBI, nothing. And I just thought we all laugh at me.

Quinn: So this is all I've got is and that's why I say all I've got is my code in my heart now, because in the last year with this story, I've gone everywhere. I've tried to talk to everyone. I like I said, I've gone to doctors. They don't believe me. I've gone to that. They don't believe me. I've gone to everyone I can imagine going to.

Quinn: Nobody believes me. But meanwhile, I'm still the guy who may have been kidnaped that has to sit here.

Quinn: And deal with it every day.

Quinn: So when you ask me what I want, it's a real simple question because I want that family. It's out there looking for me.

Quinn: That you told me about.

Quinn: That's what I'm mom. And I think that is the perfect ending altogether. We have 60, 90, no.

Quinn: 60, 9300 2060.

Quinn: We have about 180 minutes of recording. That's 3 hours.

Trenton: 3 hours of recording. The truth. And it doesn't really feel like that much time.

Quinn: No.
::end:transcript


---

The Royal Romanov Phone is  sophisticated, sleek, futuristic-looking communication device, capable of transmitting encrypted messages over long distances that is hiding in Sacred Cove Passage the private office of Mr. Michaels of The Shadow Bureau.
