Quinn: But so we're back in this break.

Quinn: So what are we going to talk about now, about now.

Trenton: This is important to you.

Quinn: To.

Quinn: Well, I think for that length to understand that someone really would have to like, try and understand a little bit about what I really feel like inside to understand what it felt like your whole life, to be not cared about and to go through most of your days in life. Just wondering where the people are that are supposed to care about you.

Quinn: You know, that's been most of my life. And then wondering why no one cared about me and where the people that are supposed to be and that's why our playtime stopped. And you said that part of the story. That's why I'm like, hey, when you do this world we're in, this whole imaginary world trying to figure out the truth.

Quinn: That's why all that stuff stopped, because it then got very real. Because before then it was just a father and son playing through some kind of safe games to learn how to communicate with each other and get to the truth of what happens in each other's lives together. It quickly turned into something very real, and it turned into something that you were talking about how I felt my whole life.

Quinn: But nobody would ever talk to me about my heart. I mean, it's hard and hard to explain how my whole life I've always felt like people were keeping a secret from my life. And I always felt like.

Quinn: The people around me were keeping a secret.

Quinn: So what's important to me.

Quinn: Living in this life that's important to me is having good friends and family around who care about you, who in a time of need out there to help you in any way they can.

Quinn: Is to have people in my life that if I'm having a good day, I have someone to share it with. If I'm having a bad day and I have someone to call for advice, but I really just want someone that calls me on my birthday.

Quinn: I really like every once in a.

Quinn: While to get a phone call.

Trenton: From someone.

Quinn: And my phone never rings, not unless it's a wrong number or it's some company trying to tell me on a free transfer somewhere. If I only give credit card information, sign up for the seminar. So it's never a phone call. You know, I meet people out in the world and then I go, Wow, I'm going to really get to know you, and then I'm going to tell you this story about my life.

Quinn: So every once in a while, I sometimes make a new friend, and it doesn't last very long and only last longer up until I got to start talking about my life. And before you know what? I'm just, like, on my own.

Quinn: So it was really just important to me is having a family. You know, I've been through countless days of being told I was hated and being told that I wasn't wanted, being told that some stupid thing that I said, it means that I get thrown away. That's what I know about life. And I through it, I'm trying to learn how to draw and it is good and positive because I can add things, but it doesn't change that every day.

Quinn: I wonder where my family is and you actually call me and.

Quinn: Almost every day I wonder if that if that is going to be the day when my mom and dad finally decide to stop being idiots and just pick up the phone and show that they care a little bit.

Quinn: Every day I kind of have a little hope for that that they're going to go because my sister has my phone number and they're going to call my sister and say, Hey, I wanted to talk just wanted to talk to your brother to find out if he's okay. Can I get his phone number and then just pick up the phone and call and say hi?

Quinn: I was thinking about you. Are you okay? That would be nice, right? That would be nice. Not all this crazy story that I never brought into anyone's life that was brought into my life. And now I get lumped into a box of crazy because so many people decide to bring crazy stories into my life. When you really sit down and talk to me like, Hey, what is this guy really?

Quinn: I just want a family.

Quinn: Man, you know.

Quinn: I need to cut it off short. I just want family. I want to live my whole life. And I try to build one with networks of friends, but that doesn't work.

Quinn: And I was in a freak, you know, for the same reason. Yeah.

Quinn: I always end up being rediciuled because people find out about where I came from. And I want to say it just happened on Friday at work. I was telling a guy a little bit about, he was like, Yeah. So I was like, When you were growing up, I was like, Well, I got sent to these training camps in the summer where they made me climb up telephone poles and jump off.

Quinn: He's like, No, I don't believe you. You're lying. That doesn't exist.

Trenton: And you're showing pictures of that.

Quinn: And I've shown you pictures.

Trenton: Real pictures that couldn't have been Photoshop. Isn't that all?

Quinn: Yeah. So in the world I live in now, no one's going to believe me. No one's going to believe my life. So I always end up as the freak, the beyond freak. Like the fruit. Beyond how you look. Just the freak. Like, don't talk to that guy, or else you're gonna end up hearing shit. You don't ever want to know what's real.

Quinn: Hey, so tell me, what's your life like? yeah. I was kidnaped by the guy who runs the biggest secret organization in the world, and he steals my ideas and he tries to keep it a secret that I have a real family out there that loves me and he's looking for. Yeah, I'm really going to be able to go tell that story.

Quinn: So the way I figure it, the only option for me is to find the secret family that really knows that is going on and goes, Yeah, you were taken and you can come back and be your real self with your real family. And you don't have to live this life where you're trying to figure out who took you.

Quinn: You don't have to live this life where you're trying to figure out if all the people around you are in on it. You don't have to live that life anymore. I don't have to live that life anymore. And that would be really nice. That would be real, real nice.

Trenton: Life where you don't have to go looking for your family.

Quinn: Yeah. And I life where I don't have to look over my shoulder every day wondering what's wrong.

Quinn: Are you guys.

Trenton: Gonna see who would match?

Quinn: Yeah. Or who around me is going to sign a contract for a promise? Because some dude seems to do that all the time, and the people that do it are always new and they don't know the other people that have done it and failed in the past. So it's always like a new guy comes on this contract, messed up this guy we're working against and we'll give you everything you want.

Quinn: That's really the kind of life I live underneath the hood now. When I meet people, I'm like, Okay, so are you someone who signed a contract or are you one of the regular people? And if you're one of the regular people, how long is it going to be interacting with me before you become one of the people that signed a contract?

Trenton: Now the more you interact with them, more or less in that way. Yeah. And it's really not a new version in person. It's the they sign for something they want in exchange. And what I match with you.

Quinn: Yeah, I was after the meet, but now you are.

Trenton: What, you like me?

Quinn: Those things. Yeah. And the other part of that is, is do you think most of those people would agree to take part in if they knew they were keeping a secret that I was kidnaped, if they knew they were taking part in that? Do you think they know that now? So that's a big secret he keeps for everybody.

Quinn: Except he couldn't keep that secret from your family, apparently, because your family doesn't do anything unless they're given every last bleeding detail.

Trenton: Or what they think is every.

Quinn: Day. And you being my son, I would imagine that they needed extra information to go, okay, this guy is going to be around for the rest of the kid's life. Tell us why we're doing this. But anyone else, it's a sure you're going to offer me to do that. I don't know this guy. Sure. That's what everybody else is going to be like.

Quinn: sure. I don't know that guy. I've got a family. I'll take that deal.

Trenton: Without knowing exactly why and not knowing why.

Quinn: Without knowing who they're doing it to. And they don't ask questions because they're not allowed. Because once you sign that contract, guess what?

Trenton: You cash questions that are prohibited.

Quinn: You can ask questions and do what you're told. You know, just like you're here. A copy of the contract said that you showed me covenant about violence. Covenant is everything. Everything I was is nothing. Those who would reveal the covenant secrets suffer a lot. Me? Yeah. Severe consequences is what it said. Those who reveal the covenant secrets will suffer severe consequences is what you wrote.

Quinn: So you even wrote out a contract, a copy of this contract that people signed right. And I took that to the FBI. So I know that there's no hope for me. I know there's no hope for my life without help, because I call employers, I call Child Protective Services. I've gone to the FBI, nothing. And I just thought we all laugh at me.

Quinn: So this is all I've got is and that's why I say all I've got is my code in my heart now, because in the last year with this story, I've gone everywhere. I've tried to talk to everyone. I like I said, I've gone to doctors. They don't believe me. I've gone to that. They don't believe me. I've gone to everyone I can imagine going to.

Quinn: Nobody believes me. But meanwhile, I'm still the guy who may have been kidnaped that has to sit here.

Quinn: And deal with it every day.

Quinn: So when you ask me what I want, it's a real simple question because I want that family. It's out there looking for me.

Quinn: That you told me about.

Quinn: That's what I'm mom. And I think that is the perfect ending altogether. We have 60, 90, no.

Quinn: 60, 9300 2060.

Quinn: We have about 180 minutes of recording. That's 3 hours.

Trenton: 3 hours of recording. The truth. And it doesn't really feel like that much time.

Quinn: No.
