Below is a conversation transcript of the conversation between Quinn and Trenton about the kidnapping, Mr. Dewitty, and The Covenant.

-------
Segment - 03

Trenton: Can you close the blinds?

Quinn: Doesn't matter.

Quinn: There is a fly, an imaginary fly. You have a.

Trenton: Very small, scary. I was afraid.

Quinn: With everything scares you, that would help. Otherwise, it's not going to work for anything. So we find ourselves in the middle of this really confusing story. Yeah. Yeah.

Quinn: And we find ourselves in a place where there's nothing we can really do about it. There's no one to call. There's no family to ask for help. It's a pretty, pretty difficult situation. And so that's kind of why I think we should do this, because in my life, you know, I only really have to think outside of here.

Quinn: And that's drawing and writing code and over the last few months, I've kind of buried myself in writing code because this has been very difficult to deal with. And I've built the program that's it's going to be a part of this whole thing. And you kind of see a little bit to the program. We saw the calculator, I mean, in the weekend, right?

Quinn: And I have a pen.

Trenton: So even if I didn't understand it, I saw the code that kind of way into that that you use to.

Trenton: Write the code calculator work and.

Trenton: Other things work.

Quinn: And make everything work together. Yeah, I'm.

Trenton: Like, when you show me the animation we do.

Quinn: Exactly that and make it cool.

Trenton: That's all. And the code that you showed me is also something that was really not only kind of talked to, I didn't.

Quinn: The 200 lines of code, which in a code world.

Trenton: Not a lot at all.

Quinn: And I could have made it even less if I really tried. So that's really all I have in my life. And, you know, I never finished school and I learned to code and draw just because I wanted to, not because they do it for work or not. Because that's what I enjoy to do. And I have a lot of time alone.

Quinn: Like we were talking about earlier, your story makes a lot of things make sense, and you could imagine a person in your story is true. A person who's been kidnaped and being held hostage by a secret society without his knowledge. We spent a lot of time on. Yeah, and that's how I learned.

Trenton: Everything that I've learned is just by spending a lot of time to do it.

Quinn: So we're doing that right now. No matter how confusing it seems to whoever comes along to this later or not, does it really matter if this just sits there and no one ever sees it? Because they don't want to take the time? This is like just a matter of doing it. So it.

Trenton: Doesn't matter.

Quinn: Doesn't matter. And it's about us drawing a better world for ourselves, making a better place. If we can't make it in reality, at least we can make it in our imaginations. Right.

Trenton: Right.

Quinn: You know, we don't have a family. In reality.

Trenton: We can make one in high and dry.

Quinn: And it may not be real, but at least the idea is better than nothing.

Trenton: And right now is when it's a drawing, it can't really be forgotten.

Quinn: Yeah, we can't forget it.

Trenton: And it just should not be like just a sign.

Quinn: That it's not a fleeting thought and just.

Trenton: Be something that takes some time to form the idea and the thought, and then some more time to change and drive some change. And that time to really never be forgotten.

Quinn: It can. And using that time for something like that, because it's much better than sitting around wondering if the story is true or not true. Because if it is true and I learned this long time ago, if it is true, the people involved are so powerful that they're never going to let it come out, never.

Trenton: Whose name.

Quinn: Is not for truth and it's not for getting people on our side or turning it off or shutting down some big secret group of people is just for something very simple. It's for two people to find the family.

Trenton: And of caring about the secret.

Quinn: Right?

Trenton: Yeah, it is. And there are here anymore.

Quinn: Well, they are, but they're secret.

Trenton: Yeah. There's shit right now.

Trenton: I know. I'm not really interested in them physically.

Quinn: Yeah. So. And, you know, realizing that they're really there, you. You're not so afraid of the mystery of it, and it becomes a parent. And then it's just a group of people who signed these contracts because they believed it was the best option for them and their families.

Trenton: Even though it wasn't in the long run.

Quinn: Even if it wasn't in the long. Exactly. But they still sign that. And it's something that we kind of have to deal with. That's a big part of it, because it means anyone who knows the truth is never going to talk. And so our only option is to do whatever we can to find our family, the people that may be looking for us without involving the secret people.

Trenton: There's no possibility of finding those looking for us.

Quinn: Yeah. And we have to do it without breaking the secret people rules.

Trenton: Yeah, that's very true.

Quinn: Yeah.

Quinn: Yeah. We have to do it without breaking the secret people's rules. And that's the difficult part about this, is because it. It sounds so crazy and it sounds so unbelievable. And 99.9% of people in the world would just pass it off as crazy. But on that point 1%. Right. And that point 1% is the type of person that's going to say, what if it's true?

Quinn: How do we test this to see if it's true? And that small percentage type of.

Trenton: Person that you walk to challenge? Absolutely.

Quinn: Totally. Totally, Totally. I've heard far crazier stories that people seem to think we're more believable in the world, like I've heard stories of people hiring people to kill people. I mean, that's ridiculous.

Trenton: That's ridiculous. I mean, hired assassins are ridiculous.

Quinn: You know? So it's not unheard of to to hear stories like this. But the detail of your story is unheard of. Your descriptions of what places look like when things happen.

Trenton: Ridiculous amounts and so on and so on, that.

Quinn: And when you take into account how messed up I already was that you didn't know about because I wasn't trying to involve you.

Trenton: And know for so you trying really not to tell me about what happened when you were away.

Quinn: Yeah. So I, you know, I think the only option is to just do this and put the past.

Trenton: And think there's nothing you can do. You know?

Quinn: No, I don't think so. Do you think so? In this next part, I want you to tell me what an ideal world looks like to you.

Trenton: Some place where I know everyone knows how to talk and tells the truth. And then how to keep secrets.

Trenton: And even more to someone. Yeah, well.

Quinn: Unless it is secret is going to cause someone else. Ha.

Trenton: Yeah, Unless it was an assignment. Kinda like if it's a secret, like something.

Trenton: Very personal to portion of their internal life, for example.

Quinn: Don't go too deep into that. Keep on topic. Don't get too deep into the example of and they all seem to go different. Is this me creeping you on task? You're going to get lost in the story of your idea of what the secret keeper is, not what a good world looks like.

Trenton: Feel like. And I just.

Trenton: I am talking about hiding and things will never happen.

Quinn: Like, what kind of kind of things?

Trenton: I actually asking people how their day was and how they're doing. And then the person is reading out and doesn't have to sit and just say that it's personal.

Quinn: Do you get a.

Trenton: Lot and I have a lot of people in this room.

Quinn: While they're talking to each now. And when you ask, they're like, it's personal. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's just partly because you're not in that crowd with those people.

Trenton: You have to me and one of my friends when he.

Quinn: That's not what we're talking about. Stay on topic.

Quinn: We're not here to talk about you and your friends. We're here to talk about what a more beautiful world looks like. I don't want to get lost in topics. Okay. Okay.

Trenton: You know where families just are split apart? For some reasons.

Quinn: I kind of reasons.

Trenton: Why she was actually.

Trenton: Hurt. The other family members that are and end up hurting the family.

Quinn: Members more when they're not. Do you have something in particular? Nine. I do what I want to get lost in that topic. Well, that's part of that is a topic that's part of making your world a more beautiful place. And that is I mean, it's a big event that caused your world to shatter. So why don't you take a second and patiently think about what you're going to say?

Quinn: Talk about it.

Trenton: And an she that has split my family apart and really was probably the story.

Quinn: Yeah.

Trenton: Now when I start experiencing.

Quinn: What do you mean experiencing it?

Trenton: I really got split apart once.

Trenton: I got one.

Trenton: Family members signed contracts and that's when I was completely screwed to.

Quinn: When these contracts got signed. Yeah. So kind of what you're saying is you want to live in a world where people aren't forced to sign secret contracts.

Trenton: And people have no reason to.

Quinn: Think that's a pretty important part.

Trenton: Yeah, it's a really important part, right?

Quinn: You want to you want to work beautiful world where people can be honest with each other and not the same secret deals.

Trenton: To destroy someone else's life.

Trenton: Yeah.

Trenton: That's not asking for too much, you know?
