Quinn: This recording kick in. Got some sound going. You're 80 year old man.

Trenton: Yeah, I am. All right, so.

Quinn: Every once in a while, the camera stops recording, and that's our signal to take a break.

Quinn: So what were we talking about before? We took a little break?

Quinn: How soon is.

Trenton: What the story.

Trenton: Was doing to your life? How big is it? The story is the is.

Quinn: Not demolished in this song. I wouldn't say demolished. I would definitely say it's changed it drastically.

Quinn: So every day I wonder if there's a family really out there looking for me. I wonder if that's why my family won't talk to me anymore is because they're just trying to cover up the fact that I'm not really their family. So they make up these little reasons not to talk to me. That's the kind of stuff I want, and that's what it turned to my life before I found these people I grew up with in my family.

Quinn: But you're the only person I spend any time with. And I told you that no matter what, your story will stick by you. So sticking by this story hasn't exactly been easy on my life.

Trenton: I can hear the water boarding.

Trenton: Boy, I know.

Quinn: Maybe some time there. That's right. That's kind of one of the reasons that we talked about why it's important for me to get smarter so you can understand what it's what it's doing. You know, we'll just finally have to sit down and see each other for who we are and do this now, because we're going to be in a life because you started telling me this story seven months ago.

Trenton: And yeah, it's.

Quinn: Drastically changed my life before. Not a lot of good ways. I've lost all my friends, I've lost my family. But it's also changed. Your life, too has business to are you talk a about how this telling me all this stuff what is it done to your life?

Trenton: And it made my life a lot more action. A lot of things. Yeah.

Quinn: One, why don't you start by telling me what is it like for.

Trenton: You in school is very, very hard. What movies like the.

Trenton: Days that focused on just a story? I can't focus on that.

Trenton: And how to create a story for you. For me? Yeah.

Quinn: So you spend a lot of time thinking about this.

Trenton: And that really hurts you. My school.

Quinn: Was making.

Trenton: Friends. It was a lot of things to do. Yeah. Is a story and I know one went from one of my friends in school.

Trenton: She said, I'm having a hard time and all I can really change is something from my personal life because I know that if I am told that your friends know the story, I just like I was crazy. Yes.

Quinn: And why would your friends think you're crazy?

Trenton: This is true.

Trenton: Story is so out of the norm.

Trenton: And yet it contracted So clearly everything that is.

Quinn: Considered normal, It does. It definitely does feel. Yes.

Trenton: Yes, it does.

Quinn: And so, you know, when you saw from what you told me, when you saw that your mom felt like she had won this game, they were playing, she she was more than happy to tell you this story. Once she figured out that you were telling me this story. In return, what happened with your relationship with your mom?

Trenton: You know what? I understand. So for now, she wouldn't talk to me if I tried to talk to her. She would shut me up in room three on me for asking a simple question or asking for help.

Quinn: But with what?

Trenton: Help? With homework.

Quinn: She would even yell at me just for asking for help with your mom?

Trenton: Yes.

Trenton: Okay. This sucks for me and now that I all the.

Trenton: Time that I have to do my homework, I left school weeks. It made it very, very difficult. Very difficult.

Quinn: Yeah. Yeah. It's making it real difficult because you were failing in school. You're having a hard time making friends.

Trenton: And keeping up and.

Quinn: Keeping them. You don't know what to talk about because this story is being undermined because it was your entire secret life for years now that it's not secret and you kind of having a hard time figuring out what to do.

Trenton: Yes, I am. Yeah.

Trenton: I had a real hard time.

Quinn: So what else is happening in your life? Because you also live with your grandpa, too. Grandpa was the one that took you three weeks. Animojis. Yeah. Yeah.

Trenton: I will let you shut up as well. And I started was like listening to Bible radio and reading the Bible at the same time.

Quinn: So after all this stuff started coming out, that was what he did with his life is he stopped talking to you and started putting headphones on and listening to Bible radio and.

Trenton: Reading the Bible all the time. All right.

Quinn: Because when this story was happening, he wasn't reading the Bible as much. Why me?

Trenton: No use. And he definitely wasn't listening. And I went to the Bible at the same time. Yeah, I only ever read the Bible occasionally.

Quinn: What do you do with most of his time in the story? What's happening?

Trenton: You're like, watch all TV shows like from the fifties and sixties. I know westerns and I want to be like Walker, Texas Ranger.

Quinn: But he doesn't do that anymore, does it? Now? And all he does is read the Bible and listen to Bible radio. So you must feel like you probably get something really wrong.

Trenton: And the reason I didn't put it so hard.

Quinn: And so he doesn't talk to you anymore. Your mom doesn't really talk to you. Everybody just kind of walks around the house like zombies. And it's been like this for, what, the last year? Ever since you told me about this, right? Right. So does it kind of seem like someone told them not to talk anymore? Or does it seem like, you know, I don't know because I don't live in your house.

Quinn: But that seems that seems like a pretty major change, too. I mean, because before I mean, really, you guys didn't really talk positively. I mean, all the talking that you did that you told me was, you know, kind of around the table like this.

Trenton: Not so much of like what?

Trenton: Not just not.

Trenton: Talking and how hard his job is up and that's all that's all that really has. However, a long history of talking.

Trenton: To you about it or and.

Quinn: It doesn't look like.

Trenton: It's going to change any time soon. No, not in.

Quinn: So what's been the hardest part of your life since you told me that started telling.

Trenton: Me this story that most definitely the.

Trenton: School is you know, I can live with family, not talking to me well and not being able to talk to friends in school and not being able to talk to family makes, you know, really, really bad.

Quinn: Yeah. And you and I can't really talk much because your mom will only let us talk on Wednesday and Sundays for an hour. Exactly. Every other week and every other weekend so we don't get a daily chance to kind of work this stuff out. And, you know, your your family's not going to talk about it because then I can kind of be your grandpa about it.

Quinn: That was the last time I ever saw. He used to drop you off almost every time you came over. But the time I asked him about his association with the group of people you told me about, I never saw him again, have I? Never. In your mom. When she drops you off, she will get within 100 feet of me.

Quinn: Will she?

Trenton: she will.

Quinn: So there's not exactly any opportunity to really talk about, like, so I can understand, like, how things are really for you. Because I can see it, you know, it's like your grandpa had to go to the movies with your grandma so he didn't have to drop you off.

Quinn: You do realize that's the whole reason you went with your grandma on the other day.

Trenton: And I don't think she would want to see me.

Quinn: She hasn't seen you in six months, ever since you started trying to talk to her about this stuff. She hasn't even called you. And then all of a sudden, your mom goes out of town and your grandpa doesn't want to drop you off here. So they stick your grandma with it, right? Right. Because you crap all over. He hasn't come over one time since I asked him about this, but they said about his association with that group of people when he said, I'm not, but my son is.

Quinn: And then he just drove off never to be seen again. And you know, part of this is kind of continue. I'm saying I mean, this so telling is what I'm saying. What you said. Correct. So what else do you want to talk about in this? Talk about in the story, talk about in maybe in the future as finding some mysterious family that maybe have kept from us right.

Quinn: You know, have you.

Trenton: Have any thought about what kind of future you want out of this? Like when this is all over, I will.

Trenton: Have your I'm not ready to talk to people when I try to. I'm not sure. Yeah. All the time.

Quinn: I don't shut you up to it, you know. I mean, sometimes I get frustrated when you do the same thing over and over.

Trenton: Yeah, well, you never say shut up. You're like, no. The last time I saw.

Quinn: Yeah. So stop my name. When they say, Come on, start talking.

Trenton: And what? Guess what my actions are and why I say stop.

Quinn: Yeah, well, that's pretty safe.

Trenton: And then it's.

Quinn: Let's called the safety word.

Trenton: And stop.

Quinn: It.

Trenton: It's for stop signs.

Quinn: Stop signs to say, stop now. Stop, stop, Just stop.

Trenton: Well, never once have you really shut me out. No.

Quinn: So this is a pretty strange story for anyone, even stranger for me, because apparently I'm at the center of some secret thing to keep me from finding out about my real life. And we're kind of in a place where we don't have many options. I don't. I don't have any friends. Like I said, we know we're not really in a place where even your mom or anyone is really talking to you in your life to get some help with what you're going through.

Quinn: And so that's why we're doing this. That's why we're trying to make something beautiful out of this horrible situation, maybe have a little hope that people will see this and go, wow, just by maybe sharing this, maybe this, these two people will find their family.

Trenton: And not trying to.

Quinn: Get any money, the father and son trying to get themselves out of a bad situation, using some art and some creativity and hopefully what is honest, hopefully. And so hopefully we can get through it. Yeah. So to get through it, we kind of got a dream out of the world or the reality that comes when we get out of this dark.

Quinn: Because even when we're out of this event, it is to wade through this stuff. When he's the leader of a secret worldwide organization and knock, knock it.

Trenton: All right? We're definitely not gonna stop.

Quinn: And we're not going to get your mom to ever tell the truth because she's never told the truth in her entire life. Your grandpa is not all of a sudden going to go, Wow, I've been a total dick, right? So that really the only hope for us is really doing something that hopefully the world or of us or reward us to help people who go, Wow, this is a really crappy situation.

Quinn: These people find themselves and I can help them. I can help them. I don't need to know their names. I don't need to know their faces. I just know that I really can help because it is horrible to think that someone out there may have been kidnaped and unable to find their family and have been kidnaped for so long that the people that kidnaped them put them through a whole life and then just abandon them to the world so they wouldn't have to deal with what you for.

Quinn: Right?

Trenton: Right.

Quinn: And everybody deserves really to know the truth about their own life. Everybody deserves to my little family.

Quinn: Everybody deserves to know.

Trenton: Where they come from.

Quinn: Just like you deserve to know.

Trenton: Yes, I do the same thing.

Quinn: Yeah, but apparently that's been taken. And apparently your mom is a member of the secret group of people that took it because the leader of that group didn't like my real dad. That's kind of what it sounds like.

Trenton: And there's no plans for some.

Trenton: War somewhere else. Somewhere else, you know?

Quinn: And we've talked enough about your conversations with Mr. the and they're just weird. Like, that guy is the weirdest character in the story and ever heard. And especially the story told me about how this character compared to wonder where it was in the way that it was just the book. Well, I'm sorry.

Trenton: I wasn't able to believe what I did. I never experienced it.

Quinn: How could you? How could you believe a story where two people make a bet about who has the cleanest underwear and is just, you know, And you told me that just because I was asking you a question, I was like, Well, so does this guy like to make bets? Because I know, like, he should? And you're like, yeah, even that's my grandpa who has the cleanest underwear and you just can said it just like, like it just was like, Yeah, that happens in my house.

Quinn: Mr. Delaney and my grandpa make that underwear advance and your grandpa pulls out like these dirty stations, like skids, stain underwear. And Mr. DeWitt, he has the most fantastic underwear ever made in the world. And this is your story? Yeah.

Trenton: I would never believe it if I wasn't telling it or experiencing Why?

Quinn: It's ridiculous. I mean, it really is so. It's so ridiculous. It has to be real serious. It's that ridiculous. That it has to be so. It's so just seriously, think about your life. I'm a 12 year old boy. The story of my life is my mom's a secret member of a group of people who signed contracts to ruin my dad's life.

Quinn: How to keep a secret that he was kidnaped from their leaders. Arch nemesis to ensure victory in their big giant King War or something. Right? Meanwhile, to waste time, the leader who kidnaped me. The kid is wasting his time by making underwear bets with the grandpa of my son, who he secretly controls. That is look at it like that.

Quinn: But that is essentially your story, right? Right.

Trenton: It's way too over the top.

Quinn: And so that the part that's not is me not even being able to get my mom's phone number.

Trenton: Because that's real.

Quinn: That's reality. The part that is reality is my mom decided to get rid of me and get me out of her life because I got upset that she didn't call me on my birthday. She felt some stupid reason to get rid of me because I got upset that she didn't call me.

Trenton: On my birthday. All the things about.

Trenton: Nursing really wrong.

Quinn: Out of place.

Trenton: And.

Quinn: Severely out of place.

Trenton: Her mother would do that.

Quinn: My sister told me to bugger off because I got mad because she wouldn't help me. Because in the time of my life when you were coming over every other weekend and telling me you hated me, I was crushed. And I asked them for help and I got mad at them because they wouldn't give me any help. And so she threw me to the curb because I got mad because they wouldn't help me with it.

Quinn: So you see how they just find their own reasons to throw me away? So your story started connecting dots in my life growing out of childhood. And that's when it became difficult for me. Because if you can't turn those violent pictures, you can't take them just like that part of the story. When you told me that you saw all the pictures of my entire life and you explain and describe pictures of my life that you shouldn't have seen that I never told you about, And I think about that.

Trenton: Like, how do I move forward with this?

Quinn: Because how does a little boy who's never really gone outside, how does he invent and describe what the inside of these places look like and how does a little boy who's never gone outside or done anything describe pictures of his dad's life that he's never seen.

Trenton: And you've never told me.

Quinn: About and I never told you about it.

Quinn: And that's impossible for anyone to understand. And that's why it's very simple what other people should understand about what we're doing. It's just we need help. We don't have any because apparently everyone around me is a part of the secret conspiracy to keep my kidnaping a secret. And I have to find some way to get outside of this circle of silence, some way.

Quinn: And I've been inside this circle of silence my whole life.

Trenton: You know, growing up.

Quinn: Having my mom tell me I was the son of an alien and my dad telling me I was the son of a rock man breaking my leg and having my family make me crawl up and down stairs to take baths. You know, getting in a scooter accident, being forced to go to school the next Monday, all messed up.

Quinn: Okay, So messed up. So it's never really been kind in my life with people. It's always been a circle of silence where the people around me seem to know something that I don't know and it's really strange because everywhere I go there seems to be famous people just like a few nights ago when I decided to go out for a drive and go to a place where they were doing karaoke.

Quinn: There's a famous person, strange, either I just happened upon famous people all the time or someone's following me around going and and famous people. It seems kind of strange that they're so I don't know what's real and what I don't know. You're so surreal. I don't know. I know it's real. But I do know that I'm stuck in this circle of silence.

Trenton: You're stuck in a circle of silence.

Quinn: And from what I've gathered, from talking to you and trying to talk to other people, the center of the circle of silence is about keeping the secret of my kidnaping. And then in keeping the secret of my kidnaping, this character administered already can apparently steal all my creative ideas. And then how the money. Right, Right. So let's talk about that part of the story that misattributed and then we're going to start wrapping this up for tonight.

Quinn: We're cooking in the morning after we get a good night's sleep. How's that sound? That sounds.

Trenton: Good. Now we have to focus better.

Quinn: So this Mr. Delaney character, he kind of told you why he keeps me in his little circle of silence. And why does he do that?

Trenton: So he is still in your ideas when you're still in those situations, visuals and ideas of how to get out of situations.

Quinn: So he kind of likes to put me in a bad situation to see the ideas I come up with. Figure it out right now.

Trenton: He takes those and uses those to.

Trenton: Get what he wants. Like what I my power.

Trenton: Those kind of things.

Quinn: So when he tells you this personally that he intentionally puts me in bad situations, the person will come up with ideas that you can steal and make tons of money. Yes. And how long have you been doing?

Trenton: Longer than I. Who never.

Quinn: Did he tell you some of the ideas? Not the really big ones. Just didn't tell you any of the ideas besides and the anything. Did he tell you the idea that he stole from me? That really was like, Yeah, that's one of the ideas from your dad. What was one of those ideas? I had.

Trenton: Not really anything that you in the.

Trenton: Trial, but I remember him.

Trenton: Finally about taking your idea when you were really young, about being able to have a screen in your hands and payment of that and what happened from your idea.

Quinn: What was a lot of people's idea.

Trenton: But you said it really did it for me.

Quinn: You took one of my drawings and those devices. What I think you're trying to give them.

Trenton: Yes.

Quinn: He took some of my drawings of devices that I had made.

Trenton: And then used the.
