Quinn: But in the end, he is your Tea. Are you empty? Well, I'm not going to reach over there with such a nice.

Quinn: Little green container.

Quinn: Can never tell anyone my obsession with containers.

Trenton: No matter how much they would have to exist.

Quinn: It has to be a secret for every.

Quinn: Great number I had. I shall make you sign a contract for life. Never to talk about my obsession with containers that I won't sign. no. Even in programing, I have an obsession with containers and programing.

Trenton: I inside.com.

Quinn: Yeah, like making code containers. So we were taking a break and.

Quinn: Kind of talking outside.

Quinn: And what did you say you wanted to talk more about.

Trenton: How the story was affecting my life.

Quinn: And how. How is that?

Quinn: there's. Yeah.

Trenton: When I started telling you about this story my whole life, her life just took a turn for some better.

Quinn: Or worse, for the worse. Like one parts for the worse. I.

Trenton: I finally completely just stopped talking to me and.

Quinn: And that's kind of. That's kind of for the worst. Yeah, but they used to talk to me before.

Quinn: They used to talk to me a little. Yeah. Yeah. And they were so.

Trenton: They were trying so hard to distract themselves from reality so that I could talk to them.

Quinn: So it seemed like they're doing whatever they had to.

Quinn: Avoid talking to. That was very, very much so.

Quinn: And when did this start? Like, really.

Quinn: Start? Because, like.

Quinn: There was like years of the family game.

Quinn: Where you guys were all working together doing this.

Trenton: There's one I can tell you about, about every part of the story.

Quinn: About the family and family.

Trenton: And you were before that. I want to start just telling you the whole story.

Quinn: Yeah. It started getting more and more.

Quinn: Yeah. And then just like I was, you know, a.

Trenton: Bunch of lies.

Quinn: All around there. Just about like a bunch of lies. Yeah.

Trenton: Yeah, I would. I would feel like that was wasn't lies was when I was telling the story.

Quinn: And that's why we like talking about it.

Trenton: Yeah, because I know it's the truth, and it just made me feel better and, well, to talk about.

Quinn: It like that and it's hard for.

Quinn: Me to listen to, but I don't mind. At least you're talking, you know. At least you're talking to me. It's hard to listen to, really.

Quinn: Even harder to experience, you know, being on the side of maybe you can imagine the experience of this.

Quinn: Especially being your father and were going through this with your other family. You and I ever living together.

Quinn: You know, I'm not having more than.

Quinn: A few days at a time together. Makes it all that much more difficult.

Trenton: You don't know what that really was, you know?

Quinn: All I know is that everybody involved in the situation.

Quinn: Seems to be doing whatever it takes to keep me away from, you know. That's what I know.

Quinn: So you can kind of see where I'm at with this is what I know is just everybody involved in this situation is doing whatever it takes to.

Quinn: Keep me away from you.

Quinn: And ever since you started telling your story, everybody in my life has gone away.

Quinn: Everyone. That's what I know. I mean, I didn't have many people before, but the few people that were left.

Quinn: My mind just disappeared. I called the people I thought I could trust and kind of told them what was going on. I tried to contact my mom and I tried to talk to people.

Quinn: And everybody just by way, I been sent a message to my sister.

Quinn: That said.

Quinn: I think my son is involved with this mom's secret dark magic and cold group and I need some help for my son. Can you have Mom call me? Yeah, I said that in a message to my sister. They didn't think that was serious enough to.

Quinn: Look past the little bad things they said down.

Quinn: So there's a lot. There's so many in this. And so I understand.

Quinn: A lot about how you're feeling about people not talking to you since you started telling this story. Because people stop talking to me, too.

Trenton: When I was.

Quinn: Know they weren't talking much, but they.

Trenton: Were that I just stopped.

Quinn: Altogether. And in.

Quinn: My world, as the son of a liar is when someone you suppose we care about is involved in a really serious situation and you make excuses not to help.

Quinn: Them. And in San Francisco.

Quinn: So that's kind of where we find ourselves. So what else did you want to talk about?

Quinn: About that?

Quinn: One of the.

Trenton: Reasons I started talking about the story Hero, the person that I could talk to.

Quinn: That kind of became that, didn't I? Yeah.

Quinn: Was the person you were previously working against then became the only person you could talk to?

Trenton: Yeah. really? I mean.

Quinn: Yeah. Three times again. I told you in the beginning of story, you tell me and I stick with you. And the only family I know that I have for sure.

Quinn: At this point.

Quinn: So get that.

Quinn: And you don't ever forget that. You told me.

Quinn: You made a deal with Mr. Delaney to sell my.

Quinn: Life for an Xbox.

Quinn: And I've never, ever. Yeah.

Quinn: Don't forget that.

Trenton: I would never. And I have never.

Quinn: And then you got that.

Quinn: X-Box, and I still wouldn't buy you a video game for.

Quinn: And then you never played it, did you?

Trenton: I am sure. And I just. It still sounds y Lupita's i it also said to.

Quinn: Me, you know, in and name for one

Trenton: One thing that.

Quinn: I do for you, one I need you to enjoy your life.

Quinn: Go down and speak more clearly so it can be understood to congratulate you.

Quinn: Speak in a way that is clear understanding.

Trenton: And certainly the more you got me in the game for a little one thing that I.

Quinn: Really do for you, Sean, your life.

Quinn: Because you're part of the deal.

Quinn: Was you were going to get a text box. Yeah. One, you gave me a.

Trenton: Game with that box. It just shows up because I more of a reminder than the actual itself.

Quinn: Did that I'm for.

Trenton: The.

Quinn: That they were.

Trenton: Very immensely.

Quinn: And very well.

Trenton: Yeah.

Quinn: And then we went to you to play it.

Trenton: Just by seeing the game and the X1 fantasy was like

Quinn: Remind reminder I didn't even have to play it. You will touch it, be How many times we played ten times.

Quinn: Yeah. You made a deal to destroy my life for an X-Box and it.

Trenton: Turned out were not worth.

Quinn: It. And we only played it ten times with it. Turn that way now or it always does. I told you that. I told you that when you were going through it, I was like, Kid, it's not going to be worth it. And it's not. And what did that to your life and to.

Trenton: A lot of guys in my life and to

Quinn: Crap, no, don't use blanket words. What did thinking that would turn your life into what happened in your life? You got you got an X-Box. You didn't play it and turned it down. Let me help you here. You got an Xbox. You didn't play. You got a mom that didn't talk to you. You got a grandpa that ignores you.

Quinn: You got a grandma that doesn't come around anymore, right? That and from for me, from my point of view, through this whole time, I've watched all of this happen to your family. I've watched it through talking and.

Quinn: Through watching what happens when they drop you off and how it changes.

Quinn: From weekend to weekend. And.

Quinn: You know, for two years, I watched your mom come into a parking lot, turn around in the furthest possible spot to drop you off in the furthest spot in the parking lot. And then you walk across the parking lot and then she drives away when there were open spots right in front of my door. I watched that for two years, trending, and I'll put your name out.

Quinn: So don't worry. But I watched your mom do that for two years, and every weekend when I sat there watching it, there were always open spots right in front of my door that she could have pulled in to drop you off. But every weekend, both her and your grandfather decided that the best place to park was in the furnace far away and make you walk across the parking lot.

Quinn: And I have no idea how to do that on my own.

Quinn: It doesn't matter. But that was. That was what they did for two years when I lived in the last place. And then you started telling me the story and I was like, now it makes sense. They just don't want to have any chance of interacting with me. So they park in this place and they couldn't even park in a parking space right in front of my door and dropped.

Quinn: Take a few minutes to drop you off. Every weekend is the same thing every time.

Trenton: And that affected me as well.

Quinn: Yeah, I know. So that's what I'm talking about. Like, that's what this I mean, like, what is this story down to your. It's like I've seen it that this story has made it so in your life. Your mom can't even drop you off at your dad's door because.

Quinn: She's so afraid.

Quinn: Of confrontation. She's so afraid that if she gets within 15 feet of me after I confronted her about the Masons in front of your school, she's afraid to talk to me. She's afraid that I'm going to start saying things. And then you're going to. Because that was the last time your mom.

Quinn: Ever got within 15 feet of me was from your school. And I was confronting her about the story you told me about being taken.

Quinn: To the Freemason Towers. That was the last time your mom was moving 15 feet of me. So I've seen how it's changed.

Quinn: Your life right?

Quinn: I've seen. I see how the people in your family used to treat you. And I see how they treat you now. They used to be kind to you. They used to treat you like that when you were a little boy and you used to run around and tell everyone that you loved them all the time. And then all of a sudden something happened and you start running around telling people you love them all the time.

Quinn: That's what you used to do is you just run around everybody and tell them, How would you have done? Then something happened.

Trenton: The story.

Quinn: Happened. The story had.

Quinn: And that's what that's what I know about how this has affected your life. Because when I came back into your life and you were just turning eight, you just you would run around and tell everybody how much you you would run around your grandma. Your mom would be like, Mom, I love you more than anything. And your mom would say, I love you, too.

Quinn: And you do it to your grandma. And then all of a sudden something changed and your grandpa came back in your life and all of a sudden you weren't that kid running around telling everyone you loved him. It that's the change I'm. That's the change. I think that you're not wanting to admit.

Quinn: And.

Quinn: Now whether that change.

Quinn: Happened because I came back into your life or whether that change happened.

Quinn: Because of the decisions of the adults around you.

Quinn: It doesn't really matter. But that change happened, and that's the change.

Quinn: That this story cast in your life.

Trenton: And made it so that I would feel really uncomfortable just running around telling people.

Quinn: I love that it made you feel uncomfortable all the time period, and it made you turn you into.

Quinn: Like this quiet little boy who pretended like he couldn't speak because you had so many secrets.

Quinn: To keep. So you were taught, okay.

Quinn: It's just easier to act like I can't speak and it's easier just to fall.

Quinn: Back on me having this paperwork that says I have an emotional problem so that when people don't ask questions, I mean, that's kind of what we're dealing with. Giving in took this so far to get paperwork saying you had emotional problems and did not deal with you right then.

Trenton: Attention, problem.

Quinn: And attention problems. And they made you look like you had problems with lying and making up stories. Right. Right. So no matter what you do, even if you try to tell people the truth, they've made it. They've made it so that no one's going to ever believe you. They set it up perfectly.

Quinn: And then you made an execution.

Trenton: That was just to protect me. Yeah.

Quinn: Protect me from what, then?

Quinn: Believe that's what one would say. That they were just trying to protect me.

Quinn: You know, They were trying to protect.

Quinn: You from something. From me. You know, I'm with them.

Quinn: And what I know about secret society worlds, which I'm not a member of that you have told me several times. I don't. The secrets are good. Secrets are only good if you're planning a really super creative project and you can't tell me.

Trenton: Like a party, like a surprise party.

Quinn: And you can't tell anyone tales done else it won't get done. That's a.

Quinn: Good secret. I'm not in for secrets that hurt people. Yeah, And so, once again, with the state mind that I use a lot, if your story is true, this group of people has about right, then these are the then.

Quinn: Them that protect the secrets so they can't have you.

Quinn: Telling any secrets. So of course in your story they would have to make you look like you have mental problems, make you look like a problem. So that way, whenever you try to talk about things, they just go problem, Try. If you don't and you.

Quinn: This is mom's problem. Problem child parent equals yes. Problem. No, not our.

Quinn: Problem. Obviously not. Come to school.

Quinn: Bruised, not our problem. And that's how your school looks at it because of your paperwork.

Quinn: If I'm not bruised or don't have.

Trenton: Cause that don't look like.

Quinn: An accident. Yeah.

Trenton: I don't want to. Look, my son was trying to.

Quinn: Get me that because your paperwork makes it look like.

Quinn: You invent fantasy things and you're going to have outbursts because you're going to have outbursts.

Quinn: And you're going to say outlandish things that shouldn't be believed. And if it happens, just ignore it.

Trenton: You know, that's not a good thing to do.

Quinn: But that's what that paperwork does.

Quinn: That paperwork puts a label on you that you have this.

Quinn: Type of problem, and this is how you are to deal with this type of problem that he's having a hard time putting himself by himself and don't.

Quinn: Listen to me. That's kind of what got me to just.

Trenton: Try not to talk to people.

Quinn: Well, that's how your mom said it up.

Trenton: And you're like, well, if I try to talk to someone in my house.

Quinn: That's one thing. And then when I go to your school with your.

Quinn: Mom and she leads you out of it, she doesn't bring you to the conference. She has your grandpa driving you around, doesn't bring you into the conference. So we can all talk together so she can keep her little secrets, but she can't blame unusual.

Quinn: And let me.

Quinn: Have really crazy or.

Quinn: You doing that.

Quinn: In school without. Because ever since I came back into your life, I'm.

Quinn: All that matters. And she doesn't count.

Quinn: Like calls this big feel bad for me, Trig. So I don't have to really admit what I've been doing behind the scenes.

Quinn:

Trenton: Of course. You're more important to my dad.

Quinn: Yeah.

Quinn: No, you know, she doesn't.

Quinn: Seem to think that's okay. So it looks like to me.

Quinn: That if you have a situation where someone is blaming the person for things they didn't do, and while they're not admitting.

Quinn: What they are.

Quinn: Really doing well, no one's looking. Right? Right. You know.

Quinn: It's like it's like what type of life do you think you would be living if you got to spend more.

Quinn: Time around me? I can't be afraid to talk and.

Trenton: Be afraid that I was going to get shot.

Quinn: All the time.

Quinn: You the life where you could actually go outside and play.

Trenton: I know how.

Quinn: Because in your life, how many times.

Quinn: Have you asked to go outside and play in my life? And how many times have they ever said yes?

Quinn: Not so. You're also part of that story. You've lived a life with a family. They won't even let you go outside.

Quinn: So your family won't let you see your dad.

Quinn: Your family won't let you go outside and play. Did you is your family that you have friends? Not friends.

Trenton: Over? Yeah. And what's the.

Quinn: Approval of harm cherished your friends. What? That is a privilege. Well, I be the.

Trenton: One kid that's.

Quinn: Really like that. You're the one kid that has a parent that's part of the group, right?

Quinn: That's. Yeah. Yeah. Because they have to approve your friends.

Trenton: And I can't. We just have friends that I actually like.

Quinn: And in your life, how many friends have you.

Quinn: Ever had over to your life or to your house? One.

Quinn: And how many times do.

Quinn: You come over to college that I remember, Yeah.

Quinn: So in year.

Quinn: 12 years of like you had one friend who's only come over to your house two times, right? It sounds fishy. It sounds like someone doesn't want you to be around people telling them what your life is really like. Now, the next part of the.

Quinn: Question is when you go out, how often do you go outside alone.

Quinn: To do anything? Never. Never. Who's usually with you? Usually very long. So your grandpa is always with you to.

Quinn: Monitor what he's saying? Do I? I wouldn't even chaperon your school field trips. Yeah. Then does he journey to school.

Quinn: Every day so you can't take the.

Quinn: Bus like a normal.

Quinn: With all the other kids.

Trenton: And possibly see one of the kids that I'm friends with at school?

Quinn: Yeah. So you get driven to school every day, so you can't interact with other kids. You get picked up from school every day.

Trenton: So you interact with other kids.

Quinn: Yeah. Then when you go home, what do you do?

Trenton: Most of the times I just start doing homework.

Quinn: Then after you're done homework, what are you.

Quinn: Going to sit down for?

Quinn: Like they eat dinner or.

Quinn: I usually watching TV and in TV. And how do you get your dinner.

Trenton: And you just.

Quinn: Put in front of me? It's usually just put in front of you. Yeah. So while you're sitting there in TV.

Quinn: Land, not talking to anyone, watching TV, someone just comes over and puts your dinner in front and talks to you.

Quinn: Now let's sit down. And what do they do? Do they sit down and eat with you? What do they do?

Trenton: Well, they just go. And if they're eating, then they go somewhere else daily. So they never sit down.

Quinn: With me ever, ever. And that one time, not once in your whole life, not before in my life, that I can remember.

Quinn: That when other people are.

Quinn: Around, you guys have gone out to dinner, to a restaurant.

Quinn: To when other people are what we say, that you.

Quinn: Just find other people who are around. So what happens when people are?

Trenton: It's like, I have to be on my best behavior. I have to.

Quinn: Act like who? I'm not really. I feel like after at all happy and like.

Trenton: Nothing wrong and like, not my life is normal.

Quinn: And you and.

Trenton: It just hurts.

Quinn: Then who tells you to act like definitely Mom.

Trenton: That there's no doubt about it.

Quinn: And have you ever in your life sat down and.

Quinn: Have like a mom, I'm.

Quinn: Having a problem.

Quinn: And I can sit down and talk. I'm fine with me and I you only want to.

Quinn: See what happened.

Trenton: In that show. I just learned that my mom just had children or didn't have to live. She just left the room.

Quinn: What are you asking?

Trenton: Why she was acting the way she was? Why she was on me all the time.

Quinn: So you wanted to ask your mom.

Quinn: Why she was so mean all the time and.

Quinn: What did she do again?

Trenton: And she was like, I don't know what you're talking about. The first time I her and I started out asking her that calling, and then it just escalated. Were verbal shouting, yell at each other.

Quinn: How long did that last?

Trenton: An hour or two. Now.

Quinn: When was that the last time you tried to talk to your mom?

Trenton: And wasn't the last time I tried to succeed?

Quinn: probably the car on the way here. When you turned on.

Trenton: The same thing again and again. Yes.

Quinn: That was never. How did the conversation generally.

Trenton: Escalate when she just turned up the music so that I could she couldn't hear what I was saying.

Quinn: So she said, You have.

Trenton: To shut me up and have him.

Quinn: And this these.

Quinn: Behaviors that tell me that something was really, really wrong behind the scenes here.
