Quinn: speaks sound effects.

Quinn: speaks sound effects

Quinn: People that sound above a certain vibe.

Trenton: As for sure.

Quinn: Yeah, that's for sure. For sure. They are allowed. They walk like they got hammers four feet with you and pretty far.

Quinn: From.

Quinn: Yeah. So that's the where where we had.

Quinn: You remember.

Quinn
I remember the part.

Trenton: Where you were asking me.

Quinn: What the world would want for now what.

Trenton
I see as a better.

Quinn: World. Yeah. Tell me about that.

Trenton: My world was I were. The people have no secrets that we could hurt anyone.

Quinn: And we've already talked about that, about that kind of stuff. But like, more about what is it look like?

Quinn: Like everyone knows.

Quinn: How to stop. Stop. You know, with the verdict on that, let me guide you through this. Don't don't push your way through this. Who's there? Like in this world of here's what people are. There was best possible world of yours. Who's there? What kind of people is your family? Your secret, mysterious family? There is your mom, there? Is your grandmother there?

Trenton: The most sacred families there. And you're there and I'm there. A lot of really good people are in there.

Quinn: Where's your mom?

Trenton: Yeah, he's kind of off to the side learning how to be nice and kind to other people.

Quinn: And he's got to teach you that. Okay.

Quinn
I he's right there with and never really hold the guy.

Quinn: That's not what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about designing a fantasy. I'm talking about who's there. I'm not talking about getting lost. Stop. Stop yourself, please. See, this is one of the reasons that it's very hard to believe your story because you're like, yeah, there's been there's this old guy who's really neat up there that's going to be teaching my mom how to be a good person.

Quinn: Where's that coming from?

Quinn: Really? Yeah. So I'm going to want to.

Quinn: Get you back on the point here. If your story is true and I was kidnaped and your mom signed a contract to keep it a secret and be a part of keeping that a secret and knowing that there was this happening, that's a crime. Okay. And if your story is true, everybody who has taken part in it has participated in the crime.

Quinn: So it's not really likely that there's going to be some old beat up old man there to teach your mom how to be a good person. If what you said is true. The crime has been committed and I don't want to get lost in the fantasy of some old man there and take care of my mom being the mean person She she know if what you're telling me has been true, but she committed a crime, your grandpa committed a crime.

Quinn: They kept it secret that someone had been kidnaped from their family and they partook in keeping that secret. And part of what I'm trying to teach you is to see that side of this story that you talked to, see that time that your mom and grandpa, if your story is true, are nothing more than people who took part in a crime.

Quinn: They're not criminals. And we need to see it or we need to see your story is not true. So if you're willing to take your story so far, it makes your mom and grandpa into criminals, then what reason does someone have to disbelieve you? You're willing to turn to your mom and grandpa and the criminals for this story.

Quinn: You stick by the truth. You don't tell the fantasy of where you're is all of a sudden going to be all right for the people who committed the crimes. And they're going to get special kind of people who know how to live life to teach them how to be better people. That's not reality, is it?

Trenton: No.

Quinn: No.

Trenton: Well, people don't want to be there.

Quinn: You know, But looking at the truth. Well, and your story is true and I was kidnaped. That's a crime. And all the people who took part in keeping that a secret and knowing about it and keeping it from me took part in that crime. So for me and that's why it's so important, because the only people I know that are criminals are you.

Quinn: Because even though this story's super hard to believe, at least you're trying to tell me the truth and that makes you the good guy.

Trenton
I'm still not innocent.

Quinn: But you're still not innocent. Yeah, exactly. So you have to be willing to stand by your story so much that that it even means that your mom and grandpa become criminals. And I am. Then stick by that. I don't give them a fantasy world where this turns out okay for them. Yeah. Yeah. Because your story didn't start with your family just hanging.

Quinn: Out around your table, trying to ruin your life, which technically isn't a crime.

Quinn: It didn't start with your family just taking you Freemason temples because they wanted to introduce you to the family division. That's not a crime right now. Because this whole story was centered around that. There was a wall of pictures of my life at the Mason temples because this mystery really came into your lives to tell you to get rid of me, because that was the center of it.

Quinn: Because at the center of all that was to keep it a secret, a kidnaping. It's a crime scene. And that's another reason we're doing this, is to solve a potential crime, to get people's help, to solve something that may have been a crime. That happened a long time ago, but it was brushed under the rug and kept a secret So no one ever found out about.

Quinn: Now, someone found out about it. It's a crime and a secret that's been going on for 38 years. 38 years. And you want to give the people involved happy old men, to teach them how to be good. I'm not saying make bad things happen to them, but man, don't bring them.

Quinn: Along into our new family in 19

Trenton: One.

Quinn: Yeah, they've done long. They're part of the people that are keeping us from. You do understand it.

Trenton: They were trying.

Quinn: To stop us. They're the people trying to stop us. So the right thing to do is ask us to focus on finding our family. And we let them deal with their own lives. It's not our problem. It's not our job to get them. Nice of you to teach them how to be good people. It's their job to go find how to be a good person.

Quinn: To help you be. Yeah.

Quinn: And they know where.

Quinn: They are and they're not. So. Yeah. Yeah.

Quinn: Technically, we really don't have to go looking, but because they're not willing to tell us where our family is.

Quinn: We have to go looking. Yeah, but they do.

Quinn: Your mom knows exactly.

Quinn: Where they are.

Quinn: If what you're saying is true. She's been told everything about and she's been told to exactly keep you away from it. She's told you what questions that you're not allowed to ask.

Quinn: She's been totally told about it. She called you.

Quinn: So let's get back to talking about the word beautiful world than you imagine who's really there.

Trenton: And you mean me, The family. Because we're all trying to find each other and each other.

Quinn: And that's it? Yeah. Okay. We're the people that make us pretty good.

Trenton: People that. That that.

Quinn: That that that that.

Trenton: Works for them. And then.

Quinn: So that's what I'm trying.

Quinn
I'm trying how we're going to find.

Quinn: Because we deserve family. I deserve we didn't deserve this to be involved in this. We didn't choose to be involved in it.

Quinn: And wouldn't have chosen to be involved in that.

Quinn: Even if given the choice. Let we know.

Trenton: Especially.

Quinn: Not after knowing what we know, we didn't send.

Quinn: Contracts to the.

Quinn: Members of the crew. We didn't go looking for making deals.

Quinn: Apparently a long time ago someone just decided that we were going to be involved. Because of that, we didn't deserve to have the normal type of family. You know. You know, in my case.

Quinn: Because of that, I didn't deserve to have a mother and father call me on birthdays or Christmas days because of your.

Quinn: Chance to be.

Quinn: With your father. Every day was taken away from me because.

Quinn: We never even spend an overnight together until you were nine years old. Eight, nine years or something like that.

Quinn: Yeah, I love that one.

Trenton: We would see each other. It was like Sunday's. Yeah.

Quinn: After an hour or so to the time. So up until you were eight or nine years old, these people did everything in their power to make it so I couldn't be with you. So yeah, you're your stories. Hard to believe, but when you look at what's really happened, is that hard to believe when you look at what's really happened, when you don't just pass it off and you don't just go, Wow, that's too crazy to believe, so I'm going to ignore it.

Quinn: But when you really look at what's happened over the last 12 years, it doesn't make your story very difficult to believe. It really doesn't.

Trenton: It makes the.

Quinn: Vision and everything is, quote unquote, normal or crazy.

Quinn: Yes. Maybe means you're ignoring what's happened. You know, and you've gotten a lot smarter over the last few months.

Quinn: Which has been very, very helpful, because before that, you didn't see it. Before it was.

Quinn: Just like, no, I believe what I'm being told, even if it's not happening, if you tell it to me, I believe in it. Right?

Trenton: Right. I wish you would be.

Quinn: Yeah. But now you're looking for things like, okay, I'll believe it, but then I want to see it. And so now you know, your relationship with your mom and your grandpa is kind of gone down the tubes. You know, your relationship with your father has kind of gone down the tubes because, like you, you still live with her and you see her every day.

Quinn: And now when you sort of like like once every six.

Quinn: Months around here. Yeah.

Quinn: So we're somehow going to find this family because the people like I said, tell us where they are.

Quinn: Yeah. They just want to reach out to us.

Quinn: And like I said, all.

Quinn
I can do is walk.

Quinn
I call it painting and prayer. And that's because.

Quinn: You know, I want to do that. You that's ideas for everybody involved. I got to look at it honestly. I got to look at your story as.

Quinn
A week's worth of my life to all these people have got to live their lives at the expense of my to me, you know, people agreeing to do that. So it is true. It says the people's basically signed a contract.

Quinn: This is my last. Now for and I'm going to do everything I can to.

Quinn: Keep your secret and you do everything I can to keep me doing whatever through your situation. And you know that it's not okay with me because I'm not doing that to anybody else. It's my family now. So why engage in okay for someone to do it to my life?

Trenton: You don't really spend much time around interacting with people, actually talking.

Quinn: To people at all. And I'm the only person you really talk to.

Trenton: Quite honestly. It is me.

Quinn: You're the only person when I go outside of and most times at work, if I didn't have.

Quinn: The people who wouldn't let you work.

Quinn: Because like you, all I really want to do is find my family. That's really all I want to do. I mean, I got.

Quinn: To work in a.

Quinn: You asked me what I do every day after work, and I'm.

Quinn: Trying to come up with ideas and have time to spend. And there's a reason why I'm doing what you're doing.

Trenton: Outside of work.

Quinn: It's yeah, because I created something for programmers and I figured maybe if I create something that programmers can use, maybe it'll help me find my family because programmers can go, Hey, just try to help me out by creating this thing that I used for ten years. Hey, then I can help him out to balance fair trade. You know, it's the same with the art.

Quinn: It's like, Hey, I can make some art that might bring a little joy to your life you might enjoy. And hey, I'm having a bit of a difficulty. I'm stuck in the middle of a story where my kid tells me that he knows his family was a part of a secret society that kidnaped me and I'd like to find my family.

Quinn: So, hey, I don't mind entertaining you a bit. How about you kick back How we found my family? Doesn't seem so bad. Not at all. Right, That's the problem.

Trenton: There really is no problem.

Quinn: So. And it gives me a safe bet that if people don't want to help me, they're either assholes or they're part of this secret group of people who harbor or go, because what kind of person wouldn't want to help someone who may have been kidnaped find this man, someone who was either involved or just a complete asshole.

Trenton: Some things this is little.

Quinn: Or someone who thinks this is all either way. Either way, yeah. I mean, it's, you know, I mean, most people out there don't have to spend one day of their life going, Hey, who was my real family where they are and are they looking for me? Who are they thinking about? Who are they? Right. A lot of.

Trenton: People know who they're.

Quinn: Family. Yeah. They just know so they don't have to think about.

Quinn: You know, I think, yeah.

Quinn: They have that pleasure. And just like you, just like you, you're just getting to know me, your dad and you're 12 years old. You're just getting to know what kind.

Quinn: Of person I am, right?

Quinn: Because for 11 years or however long you believe I was the guy that was going to end the world, so you weren't ever going to spend a single second getting to know me where you know I wasn't. So it's just been in the last year where you've really stopped and started paying attention and taking the time to get to know your dad a little bit.

Quinn: Right.

Trenton: Right.

Quinn: And what have you found.

Trenton: Out from that? You would never hurt anyone and you may wish you.

Quinn: Would, but you wouldn't.

Trenton: Do it yourself.

Quinn: Yeah. And do you.

Quinn: Really know why? Sometimes I wish the world.

Quinn: Would end now to.

Quinn: Miserable life not being able to be with your family.

Quinn: And just things you wish the world would just in living a life without family. Is that a very miserable existence?

Quinn: Living a life with someone to call when you're a little bit out makes life very difficult to get through The tough times, and you just really wish that it would just all end because it would make things easier, not life and your life. Kind of just like the bad stuff would end. Like you could finally find people that cared or find a family like this.

Trenton: Really?

Quinn: Yeah. Like the reality would end, and a better one could start. That's what I mean by it. Because so many people, even if their lives suck, they still have family. They still have who their parents are. You know, other people don't. Some people are put up for adoption, but at least they know they.

Quinn: Were put up for adoption and that the people that them are in after my family that put up for adoption.

Quinn: Wanted them.

Trenton: Wanted them. Yeah.

Quinn: You know, they weren't some family that you just got placed with because some powerful dude said you have to do this.

Trenton: This was one of them person.

Quinn: Yeah.

Trenton: How old or young.

Quinn: Exactly. Not because of some deal.

Quinn: That got made.

Quinn
I get it.

Quinn
I get it.

Quinn: And I think I see that same world that you see maybe doesn't look exactly the same, but I think I see it because we've kind of been through this together for the last little bit. No, you know, since we started talking.

Trenton: And since you show your finger.

Quinn: Now that I could talk. Yes. Since I figured out you could talk. Yeah, That was that was a big mystery is like keeping it a secret from me that you couldn't talk because it helped you keep your secrets easier.

Quinn: Pretending like you could. Or you just had a very hard. Yeah.

Quinn: That was a hard time for me to get through, because it was like, all of a sudden it was like I had a totally different sound coming over every other weekend. Kid who went from, like, only being able to say four or five things to all of a sudden here. Yeah, difficult time. So on that, I think we're going to take a break to have some time for more.
