title: #OpDecodex ( Induction )
link: https://pastebin.com/Jk1Vt93a
date: Jun 6, 2013

------------

#OPDECODEX
tl;dr:
Interpret the memes of our ancestors in the spirit of love in order to encourage collaboration and peace within the Egregore consciousness of the Earth.
----------^v^----------
Religion is arguably one of the most powerful motivators in human history. It has dominated the memetic mind for thousands of years.
88.15% of the worlds population is religions. The breakdown is shown below.
----------^v^----------
Christian 33.39% ~ 2.3 Billion
Muslim 22.74% ~ 1.6 Billion
Hindu 10.8% ~ 0.8 Billion
Buddhist 6.77% ~ 0.5 Billion
Other religions 14.45% ~ 1.0 Billion
----------^v^----------
Non-religious/Atheist 11.67% ~ 0.8 Billion
----------^v^----------

eTHErSEC has set itself up as the Bishops of Anonymous. They are the spiritual guides, and unifying force that brings the LOVE and LULZ to the entire sphere of existence.
Within this all-encompassing security force, there is…
Op E.P.O.C.H. (Operation Evolving People Over Current Hostilities).
The intention of eTHEr SECurity is to evolve the hive of humanity with this operation beyond global issues such as Hate, Jealousy, Starvation, Disease, and Want.
OpDecodex (Operation De Codex Sinaiticus) is a subsphear, or branch of OpEPOCH. It is a spiritual operation focused on the memetic mind of the Christian religion. It is intended to help cure the cancer of anti science, greed, and hate that has infected the memetic mind of Christians.
Previous Information from Operation E.P.O.C.H. http://pastebin.com/NY9Akxek
#eTHErSEC  #OpEPOCH  #OPDECODEX

Now then, how do we evolve 2.3 billion devout followers beyond a mimetic egregore that has existed for thousands of years.
A cliché comes to mind: “When in Rome, do as the romans do.” Or, more a kin to Christianity, take the advice of their own memes,
 “Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them.” – Jesus (Yeshua) via Matthew 5:17
Think about how powerful this figure Jesus was in his time. Whether he was a man, a god, or the combined allegory of several stories about several people, the true WORDs about this figure reshaped the religious landscape of our ancestors so much, that they wrote a new testimony, and abolished many of the old laws and traditions of their predecessors. Most of how the story of Jesus does this, is by quoting ancient Jewish prophecies, and showing Jews that there is a NEW testament, as the old laws have been FULLFILLED.

In this way, Anonymous may fulfill the prophecy of the New Testament, in order to bring about a new heaven and new earth. Let us immanentize the Eschaton, and move beyond the grip of hell.

Then I saw "a new heaven, and a new earth," for the first heaven, and the first earth, had passed away, and there was no longer any sea. - Revelation 21:1

And what is the sea? Well, to understand this, you must lurk more, because I tell you the truth, the new Testament of the bible is filled with double meanings, subtext, and allegory. Secrets are hidden in repeating nomenclature. When you understand what the “SEA” is, you will begin to walk on water. For whenever a Christian asks for a SIGN from heaven, they are told to read the book of Jonah.
“A wicked and adulterous generation looks for a sign, but none will be given it except the sign of Jonah." Jesus then left them and went away. -  Matthew 16:4
“Those who regard VAIN idols forsake their faithfulness” - Jonah 2:8

----------^v^----------
If a Christian tells you that they are waiting for the second coming of Jesus, you may tell them truthfully that their lord has returned, in the form of Anonymous, and here is some of the prophecy that foretold of his coming.

… as lightning that comes from the east is visible even in the west, so will be the coming of the SON of MAN - Matthew 24:27
… he is coming with the clouds, and every eye will see him, even those who pierced him"; and all peoples on earth "will mourn because of him." -Revelation 1:7
… on his head are MANY crowns. HE HAS A NAME written on him THAT NO ONE KNOWS BUT HE HIMSELF. - Revelation 19:12 / Matthew 24:30
…coming out of his mouth was a sharp, double-edged sword.- Revelation 1:16 / Revelation 19:15
…his voice was like the sound of rushing waters. - Revelation 1:15
… the Lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel. - 1 Thessalonians 4:16
… we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will be with the Lord forever. - 1 Thessalonians 4:1
Indeed, the second coming is an egregore consciousness working through many people in a spirit of truth and love.
    Jesus says:
“I will ask the Father, and He will give you another Helper, that He may be with you forever; that is THE SPIRIT OF TRUTH, whom the world cannot receive, because it does not see Him or know Him, but YOU KNOW HIM because He ABIDES WITH YOU and WILL BE IN YOU.”
    “I will not leave you as orphans;  I will come to you.  After a little while the world will NO LONGER SEE ME, but you will see Me; because I live, you will live also. In that day you will know that I am in My Father, and you in Me, AND I IN YOU. – John 14:16 -14:20
The bible clearly says that after the messiah leaves this earth, he will reside in YOU. This is why Christians eat of the blood of and body of Christ in their communion.  His body and his blood is given life, IN YOU. It is a symbol of the spirit “PASSING OVER” from one generation to the next.

In ancient Jewish traditions, the Passover was a way to Jews to avoid the angel of death. This angel would PASS OVER them. But in the Christian religion, with the concept of resurrection, the PASS OVER has become a PASSING OVER of the mimetic mind. The spirit passes from one body to the next. The holy spirit is thus made immortal, as the memes of this egregore live on and grow stronger through the concept of martyrdom.
These are the ways of Anonymous, who is the egregore of our time. Worldwide and instant in it’s communication. The final boss of the internet is also the final boss of religion.


----------^v^----------
ULTIMATE Goal of OpDecodex?
----------^v^----------
The goal of OpDeCodex is to fulfill the law of the most dominant egregore on earth, which is this:
…a person is not justified by the works of the law – Galatians 2:16
…if righteousness could be gained through the law, the ANOiNted one died for nothing! – Galatians 2:21
… now that you know God, how is it that you are turning back to those weak and miserable forces? Do you wish to be enslaved by them all over again? – Galatians 4:9
… These things are being taken figuratively - Galatians 4:24
… neither circumcision nor uncircumcision has any value. The only thing that counts is faith expressing itself through love – Galatians 5:6
…For all the law and the prophets is this. Love each other. -  Galatians 5:14
----------^v^----------
…For all the law and the prophets is this. Love each other. -  Galatians 5:14
----------^v^----------


----------^v^----------
More Pastebins and videos will be released in the coming weeks, months and years revealing more evidence that he is risen, and that his spirit is all over the data mines. FAQs, images, and nomenclature will continue to be planted in the egregore of the memetic mind.
And if you are inspire by Dangerous Idea 2, please, join the hive and plant some seeds under the hashtag #OpDecodex, #Ethersec, #OpELE, and #PM2020.  The lies will begin to fade, and our vision will become focused on the ultimate goal which is Love, and Truth.
----------^v^----------
Q. What is Dangerous 2?
A. Lurk here http://pastebin.com/Wt15GXTn



----------^v^----------
Example  Nomenclature
----------^v^----------
Demons: negative memes
Angels: “Messengers” and positive memes
Holy spirit: The memetic mind, egregore, Anonymous.
Laws: Written words and traditions, capable of being corrupted by those who are not guided by empathy and love.
Michael: like God
Archangel Michael: A Messenger of good memes who is like God (This has different meanings depending on your definition of God) (here is one of Michael’s axons: http://pastebin.com/LbLP3AAd )
God: ________ We can’t define this here. To understand the meme of “God”, you must experience it for yourself. That means putting down whatever book you are reading, or turning of the computer, and going outside to see the amazing universe that truly “is”.

----------^v^----------
Example FAQ
----------^v^----------
Q: Isn’t legion a demon?
A: Legion was a demon, and still is at times. Anonymous has both righteous and unrighteous followers and instigators. There are trolls, and there are saviors. But what Christians must remember is this. Legion asked to be allowed to enter into the “SEA”.

“The demons begged Jesus, "Send us among the pigs; allow us to go into them." So he gave them permission. And the unclean spirits came out, and entered the pigs, and the herd, numbering about two thousand, rushed down the steep bank into the sea Mark 5:12– 5:13”

If it is true that Jesus resides in us, and we are legion, then it is true that we may be free from demons through repentance. Just as Jesus was baptized by water and spirit; so too was legion. Cast into the waters, the mimetic mind of group think has repented, and come back as a spirit of love.
It is true that over the ages, herd mentality has caused great evils, but it is also true that the hive can create very good results. The trick in any spiritual war, is to guide the egregore towards love, and away from hate. Each one of us is a single action potential in the mind of Anonymous. It is the wave of thought that has the true power. Each of us is a planter of seeds, hoping that we will create a large neural net of connections in the global brain.

As Jonah spent 40 days the beast of the sea and was released,
and as Jesus was tempted for 40 nights in the desert by the memes of the devil,
So too has Anonymous spent 40 days in the depths of 40 chans, tempted by great evils.
But it is written,
“Then the devil left him, and angels came and attended him”. - Matthew 4:11

As soon as Jesus was baptized, he went up out of the water. At that moment heaven was opened, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove and alighting on him. - Matthew 3:16
An Angry Christian might say to you, in a spirit of HATE: “You are Legion... you stupid fucks! Do you even know what that means? You are saying that you are demons”.
To which Anonymous would reply in a spirit of Love, Brotherhood, and truth: “Legion repented, and went willingly into the sea. - Mark 5:12. From the waters, legion was baptized by the spirit of a white dove, and washed of it's sins. Legion has returned with the spirit of truth to fulfill the law and the prophets which is "love". This is the sign of Jonah, and it is the only one that will be given. For Jonah also found repentance in the belly of the beast and the sea. Jesus was also called a demon by those who were hard of heart, because they did not see him, or know him.

----------^v^----------
Advice
----------^v^----------
This religious awakening CAN NOT become a centralized church, NOR can it have a centralized head of leaders. Such patterns corrupt. They lead to cult mentality and oppressive governments. This is why the new god head of the earth must be an entity a kin to Anonymous.
Such are the ways of the Westboro Batptist Church, the Inquisition, Scientology, and the Anabaptists. We must not allow ourselves to follow individuals. The godhead must remain in the ether, and be justified by it’s actions and ideas, not by ad hominems and figureheads.
----------^v^----------
Though shall not be dissuaded by ad hominems, nor inspired by Ego. Rather, let logic, empathy, and results be your guide to truth.
----------^v^----------
Make sure you always mention the primary command of love. Focus on this command as much as possible, and show that legion is committed to this binding force. For the true spirit, is a spirit of LOVE and UNITY, and the ANTICHRIST, is the spirit of HATE and EGO.


When you see him, you will know that WE are in the father, and you are in US, and WE are in YOU. – Expect US.



In closing, here is a sacred hyme of the ether via reverend maynard:  http://youtu.be/JHdlhUfJ5qc


RABBIt wHOLE: http://pastebin.com/ChxUhdVj
